text	x	y	cluster
(dry-33 iminli@vip. COVID-19 has caused a major epidemic worldwide, however, much is yet to be known about the epidemiology and evolution of the virus. One reason is that the challenges underneath sequencing HCoV-19 directly from clinical samples have not been com-41 pletely tackled. Here we illustrate the application of amplicon and hybrid capture (cap-42 ture)-based sequencing, as well as ultra-high-throughput metatranscriptomic (meta) sequencing in retrieving complete genomes, inter-individual and intra-individual var-44 iations of HCoV-19 from clinical samples covering a range of sample types and viral load. We also examine and compare the bias, sensitivity, accuracy, and other char-46 acteristics of these approaches in a comprehensive manner. This is, to date, the first	-3.0425333976745605	-1.2939915657043457	6
2. doi: bioRxiv preprint components. ALLAN and MET, by contrast, are more variable and very close to each other and to untreated control (Fig. 2b, Extended data Fig. Drug synergies and lifespan extension We next determine effect of different drug combinations on lifespan in nematodes. We began with MET and RAP due to their translational importance in humans 14,27 . However, RAP combined with MET at their optimal doses did not show any further benefit on lifespan (Extended data Fig. We carried out additional trials, exploring all possible combinations of optimal and half-optimal dose for MET and RAP (Extended data Fig. Combination of RAP and MET each at their half-optimal dose result in further extension in maximum lifespan (Fig. 2e, Extended data Fig. 2m,s) but did not result in further mean lifespan extension (Extended data 2p). These weak benefits of combining MET with RAP are consistent with results in mice where the existing evidence suggests that addition of Figures S3 lifespan comparison of triple combinations supplementary for figure 2. a, RAP+RIF+PSORA did not show further benefit compared to the dual synergistic combinations RAP+RIF and RIF+PSORA. b, RAP+RIF+MET is toxic compared to RAP+RIF. More than worms per condition.. c, RAP+PSORA+ALLAN did not show further benefit compared to single drug constituents. d, RAP+RIF+ALLAN and RIF+PSORA+ALLAN resulted in a significant lifespan extension compared to RAP+RIF and RIF+PSORA respectively. log-rank with proper adjustment. e, Mean and f, Maximum lifespan of figure d showed a monotonic increase from single drugs to double and triple combinations. One-way ANOVA, Bonferroni multiple comparison *doi: bioRxiv preprint Ejsing, C. S. et al. Collision-induced dissociation pathways of yeast sphingolipids and their molecular profiling in total lipid extracts: a study by quadrupole TOF and linear ion trap-237 orbitrap mass spectrometry.	-14.928184509277344	10.5833158493042	11
50-valent inactivated rhinovirus vaccine is broadly immunogenic in rhesus macaques. As the predominant etiological agent of the common cold, human rhinovirus (HRV) is the leading cause of human infectious disease. Early studies showed monovalent formalin-20 inactivated HRV vaccine can be protective, and virus-neutralizing antibodies (nAb) correlated with protection. However, co-circulation of many HRV types discouraged further vaccine efforts. We approached this problem straightforwardly. We tested the hypothesis that increasing virus input titers in polyvalent inactivated HRV vaccine will result in broad nAb responses. Here, we show that serum nAb against many rhinovirus types can be induced by polyvalent, inactivated HRVs plus alhydrogel (alum) adjuvant. Using formulations up to 25-valent in mice and 50-valent in rhesus macaques, HRV vaccine immunogenicity was related to sufficient quantity of input antigens, and valency was not a major factor for potency or breadth of the response. We for the first time generated a vaccine capable of inducing nAb responses to numerous and diverse HRV types.	22.016773223876953	18.206409454345703	10
: bioRxiv preprint CoVs infect humans and other animal species, causing a variety of highly prevalent and severe diseases, including Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) . The COVID-19 virus genome is comprised of ~30,000 nucleotides; its replicase gene encodes two overlapping polyproteins, pp1a and pp1ab, required for viral replication and transcription 3,4 . The functional polypeptides are released from the polyproteins by extensive proteolytic processing, predominantly by a 33.8-kDa main protease (M pro ), also referred to as the 3C-like protease. M pro digests the polyprotein at no less than conserved sites, starting with the autolytic cleavage of this enzyme itself from pp1a and pp1ab . The functional importance of M pro in the viral life cycle, together with the absence of closely related homologues in humans, identify the M pro as an attractive target for antiviral drug design . To facilitate the rapid discovery of antiviral compounds with clinical potential, we developed a strategy combining structure-assisted drug design, virtual drug screening and high-throughput screening to repurpose existing drugs to target COVID-19 virus M pro . Establishing a high-throughput activity assay Recombinant COVID-19 virus M pro with native N and C termini was expressed in Escherichia coli and subsequently purified (Extended Data Fig. 1a, b). The molecular weight of COVID-19 virus M pro as determined by mass spectroscopy is 33797.0 Da, consistent with its theoretical molecular weight 33796.8 Da. In order to characterize its enzymatic activity and to carry out high-throughput screening of inhibitors, we developed a fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) assay. To do this, a fluorescently labeled substrate, MCA-AVLQ↓SGFR-Lys(Dnp)-Lys-NH2, derived from the N-terminal auto-70 cleavage sequence of the viral protease was designed and synthesized for time-dependent	-1.3309589624404907	23.70524787902832	12
: bioRxiv preprint disease (COVID-19) worldwide. As of March 2, 2020, more than 90,000 people have been infected by SARS-CoV-2 and more than people have been reported dead according to Johns Hopkins Coronavirus map tracker. The numbers of infection and death are still increasing. To face the considerable threat of SARS-CoV-2, it is urgent to develop new inhibitors or drugs against this deadly virus. Unfortunately, since the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) eighteen years ago, there has been no approved treatment against the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV), which is similar to SARS-CoV-2. Repurposing potential drugs such as lopinavir and ritonavir also failed to SARS-CoV-2 injected patients. Structure-based antiviral drug design with a new artificial intelligence algorithm may represent a more helpful approach to get the SARS-CoV-2 targeted inhibitors or drugs. Thanks to the prompt efforts of many researchers, we have several pieces of important information about this vital virus genome and protein structures. We now know that the non-structural protein (Nsp5) is the main protease (M pro ) of SARS-CoV-2 and it is a cysteine protease, which also been called "3C-like protease" (3CL pro ). Moreover, we know that the 3D structure of 3CL pro is very similar to SARS-CoV with a sequence identity of >96% and 3D structure superposition RMSDCα of 0.44 Å as shown in Figures S1 and S2. 3CL pro has been reported as an attractive target for developing anti-coronaviral drugs: 1) this protease is highly conserved in both sequences and 3D structures; 2) 3CL pro is a key enzyme for related virus (including SARS and SARS-CoV-2) replication; 3) it only exists in the virus, not in humans. Developing specific antiviral drugs targeting 3CL pro of the specific virus has shown significant success; for example, both approved drugs lopinavir and ritonavir can completely occupy the substrate-binding site of 3CL pro to break down the replication of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). However, due to the large difference between HIV and SARS-CoV-2 3CL pro , lopinavir and ritonavir were validated ineffective for inhibiting SARS-Cov-2. On the other hand, the substrate-binding site of 3CL pro is almost the same between the SARS-CoV-2 and SARS as Figure S3 presents. The developed potential inhibitors and drug-design experience targeting SARS-3CL pro may also be applicable to SARS-CoV-2.	11.517935752868652	13.400973320007324	4
: bioRxiv preprint host pathological changes on binding to the coronavirus after infection. After triggering functional changes in ACE2/AT2R, an imbalance in the steady-state cytokine regulatory axis involving the Renin-Angiotensin System and IP-10 leads to a cytokine storm.	7.865030765533447	35.4324951171875	0
: bioRxiv preprint known evidences reported in the literature, we also discussed several putative mechanisms of the anti-SARS-CoV-2 effects for CVL218 or other PARP1 inhibitors to be involved in the treatment of COVID-19. Overall, our results indicated that the PARP1 inhibitor CVL218 identified by our drug repositioning pipeline may serve as an effective therapeutic agent against COVID-19. Results The overview of our data-driven drug repositioning framework is shown in Figure 1A . We first constructed a virus related knowledge graph consisting of drug-target interactions, protein-protein interactions and similarity networks from publically available databases (Methods). Three different types of nodes (i.e., drugs, human targets and virus targets) within the knowledge graph were connected through edges describing their interactions, associations or similarities to establish bridges of information aggregation and knowledge mining. We then applied a network-based knowledge mining algorithm to predict an initial list of drug candidates that can be potentially used to treat SARS-CoV-2 infection ( Figure 1B and Methods). Next, we further narrowed down the list of drug candidates with the previously reported evidences of antiviral activities based on the text mining results from the large-scale literature texts, which were derived through a deep learning based relation extraction method named BERE [4] ( Figure 1C and Methods), followed by a minimum of manual checking. After that, we used the connectivity map analysis approach [5] with the gene expression profiles of ten SARS-CoV-infected patients [6] to further refine the list of drug candidates against SARS-CoV-2 ( Figure 1D , Table 1, Table S1 and Methods). The above screening process revealed that a poly-ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP1) inhibitor PJ-34 could potentially have the antiviral activities against SARS-CoV-2.	-12.29422378540039	4.257604598999023	6
: bioRxiv preprint response to dengue outbreaks is largely reactive, and implementation of comprehensive arbovirus surveillance in advance of predictable transmission seasons, which would enable proactive preventative efforts, remains unsupported. The significance of our finding is that it is the first documented report of non-outbreak DENV4 transmission and maintenance within a local mosquito vector population in the continental U.S.in the absence of a human case during a two-year time period. Our data suggest that molecular surveillance of mosquito populations in high-risk, high tourism areas of the U.S., may allow for proactive, targeted vector control before potential arbovirus outbreaks. : bioRxiv preprint have been maintained vertically for at least one generation (but potentially more) in these Ae. aegypti mosquito populations along Florida's Gulf Coast. We followed up this unexpected finding with genetic analyses to determine the DENV4 strain's likely location of origin, assess the timeframe of virus introduction, and investigate strain-specific mutations that may have enabled adaptation to and/or persistence within local mosquito populations. Methods Mosquito sample preparation and viral RNASeq Ae. aegypti eggs were collected in ovitraps in the summers of 2016-2017 (May 15, 2016, and June 19, 2017) from four Manatee County sites (Fig. 1a) . To avoid cross contamination of mosquito viromes, each year eggs from each site were hatched independently in distilled water, reared to adulthood, speciated and then frozen. Female abdomens were pooled (N= 20/pool) separately for the four collection sites for a total of eight individual pools. Total RNA was extracted using the AllPrep DNA/RNA Mini Kit (Qiagen), and rRNA depleted with the NEBNext rRNA Depletion Kit (New England BioLabs). The NEBNext Ultra II Directional RNA Library Prep Kit (New England BioLabs) was used to prepare shotgun metagenomics libraries. Reverse-transcribed RNA libraries were sequenced using a HiSeq (Illumina) instrument in 2x101 run mode. The data were deposited into the NCBI Sequence Read Archive and Biosample archive under BioProject PRJNA547758. Initial assembly and metavirome analysis BBduk (version 37.75; was used to trim adaptor sequences and remove contaminants. : bioRxiv preprint assembly with Spades in meta mode [8] and classification using Diamond [9] for a complete DENV4 genome. Read-mapping with Bowtie [10] revealed incorrect bases near the 3' end, which were manually corrected. The genome was annotated using the Genome Annotation Transfer Utility [16] from the Virus Pathogen Database and Analysis Resource (ViPR) [17]. Phylogenetic and Molecular Clock analyses Two hundred thirty-four DENV4 genome sequences from GenBank (Table S1) were aligned using MAFFT version 7.407 [18] with the L-INS-I method [19]. IQ-TREE software [20] was used to evaluate phylogenetic signal in the genomes by likelihood mapping [21] and to infer maximum likelihood (ML) phylogeny based on the best-fit model according to the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) [20, 22]. Statistical robustness for internal branching order was assessed by Ultrafast Bootstrap (BB) Approximation (2,000 replicates), and strong statistical support was defined as BB>90% [23]. To estimate when DENV4 entered Florida, we used strains including all isolates from the Americas, related Asian and African isolates, and randomly reduced oversampled Brazilian isolates. The strains in this dataset were not recombinant, as assessed by scanning the alignments for possible recombination points using the RDP, GENECONV, MaxChi, CHIMAERA, and 3Seq algorithms implemented in the RDP4 software (available from [24]. Correlation between root-to-tip genetic divergence and date of sampling was conducted [25] to assess clock signal before Bayesian phylodynamic analysis. Time-scaled trees were reconstructed using the Bayesian phylodynamic inference framework in BEAST v.1.8.4 [26,27].	-12.941754341125488	-3.189692497253418	6
: bioRxiv preprint reversible and Pcsk9 could be repeatedly down-regulated, providing an effective strategy to reversibly modulate metabolic genes. The present work supplies a successful proof-of-concept trial that suggests efficient and regulatory knockdown of target metabolic genes for a designed metabolism modulation in the liver.	9.380026817321777	26.324295043945312	11
A B. The spread of the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has triggered a global emergency, that demands urgent solutions for detection and therapy to prevent escalating health, social and economic impacts. The spike protein (S) of this virus enables binding to the human receptor ACE2, and hence presents a prime target for vaccines preventing viral entry into host cells . The S proteins from SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 are similar , but structural differences in the receptor binding domain (RBD) preclude the use of SARS-CoV-1-specific neutralizing antibodies to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 . Here we used comparative pangenomic analysis of all sequenced Betacoronaviruses to reveal that, among all core gene clusters present in these viruses, the envelope protein E shows a variant shared by SARS and SARS-Cov2 with two completely-conserved key functional features, an ion-channel and a PDZ-binding Motif (PBM). These features trigger a cytokine storm that activates the inflammasome, leading to increased edema in lungs causing the acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) 4-6 , the leading cause of death in SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 infection 7,8 . However, three drugs approved for human use may inhibit SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 Protein E, either acting upon the ion channel (Amantadine and Hexamethylene amiloride 9,10 ) or the PBM (SB203580 ), thereby potentially increasing the survival of the host, as already demonstrated for SARS-CoV-1in animal models. Hence, blocking the SARS protein E inhibits development of ARDS in vivo. Given that our results demonstrate that the protein E subcluster for the SARS clade is quasi-identical for the key functional regions of SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2, we conclude that use of approved drugs shown to act as SARS E protein inhibitors can help prevent further casualties from COVID-2019 while vaccines and other preventive measures are being developed.	9.550743103027344	15.436288833618164	4
A Capsid-Encoded PPxY-Motif Facilitates Adenovirus Entry. Viruses use cellular machinery to enter and infect cells. In this study we address the cell entry mechanisms of nonenveloped adenoviruses (Ads). We show that protein VI, an internal capsid protein, is rapidly exposed after cell surface attachment and internalization and remains partially associated with the capsid during intracellular transport. We found that a PPxY motif within protein VI recruits Nedd4 E3 ubiquitin ligases to bind and ubiquitylate protein VI. We further show that this PPxY motif is involved in rapid, microtubule-dependent intracellular movement of protein VI. Ads with a mutated PPxY motif can efficiently escape endosomes but are defective in microtubule-dependent trafficking toward the nucleus. Likewise, depletion of Nedd4 ligases attenuates nuclear accumulation of incoming Ad particles and infection. Our data provide the first evidence that virus-encoded PPxY motifs are required during virus entry, which may be of significance for several other pathogens.	-0.14060170948505402	28.448549270629883	12
A Combined Evidence Approach to Prioritize Nipah Virus Inhibitors. Nipah Virus (NiV) came into limelight recently due to an outbreak in Kerala, India. NiV causes severe disease and death in people with over 75% case fatality rate. It is a public health concern and has the potential to become a global pandemic. Lack of treatment has forced the containment methods to be restricted to isolation and surveillance. WHO's 'R&D Blueprint list of priority diseases' (2018) indicates that there is an urgent need for accelerated research & development for addressing NiV. In the quest for druglike NiV inhibitors (NVIs) a thorough literature search followed by systematic data curation was conducted. Rigorous data analysis was done with curated NVIs for prioritizing druglike compounds. For the same, more than descriptors of NVIs were computed and comparative analysis was performed with the FDA approved small molecules and antivirals. These compounds were further evaluated through PAINS filter to study their toxicity profile. Simultaneously, compounds were also prioritized based on the robustness of the assays through which they were identified. Our efforts lead to the creation of a well-curated structured knowledgebase of NVIs with small molecule inhibitors. The reported IC50/EC50 values for some of these inhibitors are in the nanomolar range -as low as 0.47 nM. In order to prioritize these inhibitors, we performed several tests and applied filters to identify drug-like non-toxic compounds. Of 98, a few compounds passed DruLito & PAINS filters exhibiting drug-like properties and were also prioritized in an independent screen based only the assay robustness. The NVIs have diverse structural features and offer a wide spectrum of ways in which they can be developed further as druglike molecules. We report a knowledgebase for furthering the development of NVIs. The platform has a diverse set of NVIs of which a few have been prioritized based on a combined evidence strategy. The platform has the provision to submit new inhibitors as and when reported by the community for further enhancement of NiV inhibitor landscape.	-10.565672874450684	3.535919427871704	6
A Combined Syndromic Approach to Examine Viral, Bacterial, and Parasitic Agents among Febrile Patients: A Pilot Study in Kilombero, Tanzania. The use of fever syndromic surveillance in sub-Saharan Africa is an effective approach to determine the prevalence of both malarial and nonmalarial infectious agents. We collected both blood and naso/oro-pharyngeal (NP/ OP) swabs from consecutive consenting patients year of age, with an axillary temperature 37.5°C, and symptom onset of £ days. Specimens were analyzed using both acute febrile illness (AFI) and respiratory TaqMan array cards (Resp TAC) for multiagent detection of different bloodstream and respiratory agents. In addition, we collected epidemiologic data to further characterize our patient population. We enrolled febrile patients, including children (1 < years of age; 34%) and adults (³ years of age; 66%). AFI TAC and Resp TAC were performed on whole blood specimens and NP/OP specimens, respectively. We detected nucleic acid for Plasmodium (57%), Leptospira (2%), and dengue virus (1%) among blood specimens. In addition, we detected different respiratory agents, most notably, Haemophilus influenzae (64%), Streptococcus pneumonia (56%), Moraxella catarrhalis (39%), and respiratory syncytial virus (11%) among NP/OP specimens. Overall median cycle threshold was measured at 26.5. This study provides a proofof-concept for the use of a multiagent diagnostic approach for exploratory research on febrile illness and underscores the utility of quantitative molecular diagnostics in complex epidemiologic settings of sub-Saharan Africa.	14.315530776977539	-8.144298553466797	7
A Computer-Aided Detection System for Digital Chest Radiographs. Computer-aided detection systems aim at the automatic detection of diseases using different medical imaging modalities. In this paper, a novel approach to detecting normality/pathology in digital chest radiographs is proposed. The problem tackled is complicated since it is not focused on particular diseases but anything that differs from what is considered as normality. First, the areas of interest of the chest are found using template matching on the images. Then, a texture descriptor called local binary patterns (LBP) is computed for those areas. After that, LBP histograms are applied in a classifier algorithm, which produces the final normality/pathology decision. Our experimental results show the feasibility of the proposal, with success rates above 87% in the best cases. Moreover, our technique is able to locate the possible areas of pathology in nonnormal radiographs. Strengths and limitations of the proposed approach are described in the Conclusions.	-15.966485023498535	-3.4471142292022705	6
A Cryptic Site of Vulnerability on the Receptor Binding Domain of the SARS-CoV-2 Spike Glycoprotein. SARS-CoV-2 is a zoonotic virus that has caused a pandemic of severe respiratory disease-COVID-19within several months of its initial identification. Comparable to the first SARS-CoV, this novel coronavirus's surface Spike (S) glycoprotein mediates cell entry via the human ACE-2 receptor, and, thus, is the principal target for the development of vaccines and immunotherapeutics. Molecular information on the SARS-CoV-2 S glycoprotein remains limited. Here we report the crystal structure of the SARS-CoV-2 S receptor-binding-domain (RBD) at a the highest resolution to date, of 1.95 Å. We identified a set of SARS-reactive monoclonal antibodies with cross-reactivity to SARS-CoV-2 RBD and other betacoronavirus S glycoproteins. One of these antibodies, CR3022, was previously shown to synergize with antibodies that target the ACE-2 binding site on the SARS-CoV RBD and reduce viral escape capacity. We determined the structure of CR3022, in complex with the SARS-CoV-2 RBD, and defined a broadly reactive epitope that is highly conserved across betacoronaviruses. This epitope is inaccessible in the "closed" prefusion S structure, but is accessible in "open" conformations. This first-ever resolution of a human antibody in complex with SARS-CoV-2 and the broad reactivity of this set of antibodies to a conserved betacoronavirus epitope will allow antigenic assessment of vaccine candidates, and provide a framework for accelerated vaccine, immunotherapeutic and diagnostic strategies against SARS-CoV-2 and related betacoronaviruses. : bioRxiv preprint High resolution structure of the SARS-CoV-2 Receptor-Binding-Domain (RBD). Structure of the SARS-COV-2 RBD in complex with antibody CR3022. Identification of a cryptic site of vulnerability on the SARS-CoV-2 Spike. : bioRxiv preprint Recently, the molecular structure of recombinant full-length SARS-CoV-2 Spike protein was solved in a stabilized pre-fusion state, by single particle cryo-Electron Microscopy (cryo-EM), at a resolution of 3.8 Å (Wrapp et al., 2020) . Despite the comprehensive structural characterization of the spike protein as a whole, movement of the RBD between "up" and "down" conformational states prevented complete modeling of the RBD domains. Subsequent cryo-EM investigations of SARS-CoV-2 provided more detail of RBD, particularly at sites that contact the human ACE-2 receptor (Yan et al., 2020a) . Here, we report the first high resolution-less than Å-SARS-CoV-2 RBD. Additionally, we present the antigenicity of this recombinant RBD, particularly of interest, given the equipoise in the literature regarding the binding affinities of SARS-CoV antibodies for SARS-CoV-2 RBD. Early reports, have described that the human SARS-CoV antibody, CR3022, is able to bind to the SARS-CoV-2 RBD. In the present study, we verify binding, and subsequently solved the structure of SARS-CoV-2 RBD in complex with CR3022 with a novel "cryptic" epitope. RESULTS The SARS-CoV-2 RBD (residues 313-532), with a C-terminal His-tag, was expressed in 293F cells, and purified by NiNTA affinity, and size-exclusion chromatography. Crystallization condition screening identified 20% Jeffamine D2000, 10% Jeffamine M2005, 0.2 M NaCl, 0.1M MES pH 5.5 for diffraction quality crystal growth. Crystals diffracted to <1.8 Å in group P and to a complete dataset to 1.95 Å that could be scaled and processed ( Table 1) . The structure was refined to an Rfree of 20% and Rwork of 22% with no Ramachandran outliers. S residues 313-532 were clearly interpretable from the electron density map, with a dual conformation of a loop containing residues to clearly visible in the electron density map (Figure 1) . Structure comparison of the unliganded RBD structure presented here, with the stabilized prefusion SARS-CoV-2 Spike (S-2P) molecule structure determined by Cryo-EM (PDB ID: 6VSB) (Wrapp et al., 2020) shows high structural similarity, with an RMSD of 0.68, 0.68, and 0.71 for each of the spike protomers. In the structure of the S-2P molecule (S-2P) (Wrapp et al., 2020) 25, or	6.542219638824463	16.149169921875	4
A Cybernetics-based Dynamic Infection Model for Analyzing SARS-COV-2 Infection Stability and Predicting Uncontrollable Risks. Since December 2019, COVID-19 has raged in Wuhan and subsequently all over China and the world. We propose a Cybernetics-based Dynamic Infection Model (CDIM) to the dynamic infection process with a probability distributed incubation delay and feedback principle. Reproductive trends and the stability of the SARS-COV-2 infection in a city can then be analyzed, and the uncontrollable risks can be forecasted before they really happen. The infection mechanism of a city is depicted using the philosophy of cybernetics and approaches of the control engineering. Distinguished with other epidemiological models, such as SIR, SEIR, etc., that compute the theoretical number of infected people in a closed population, CDIM considers the immigration and emigration population as system inputs, and administrative and medical resources as dynamic control variables. The epidemic regulation can be simulated in the model to support the decision-making for containing the outbreak. City case studies are demonstrated for verification and validation.	-8.137964248657227	-18.794130325317383	3
A Fusion-Inhibiting Peptide against Rift Valley Fever Virus Inhibits Multiple, Diverse Viruses. For enveloped viruses, fusion of the viral envelope with a cellular membrane is critical for a productive infection to occur. This fusion process is mediated by at least three classes of fusion proteins (Class I, II, and III) based on the protein sequence and structure. For Rift Valley fever virus (RVFV), the glycoprotein Gc (Class II fusion protein) mediates this fusion event following entry into the endocytic pathway, allowing the viral genome access to the cell cytoplasm. Here, we show that peptides analogous to the RVFV Gc stem region inhibited RVFV infectivity in cell culture by inhibiting the fusion process. Further, we show that infectivity can be inhibited for diverse, unrelated RNA viruses that have Class I (Ebola virus), Class II (Andes virus), or Class III (vesicular stomatitis virus) fusion proteins using this single peptide. Our findings are consistent with an inhibition mechanism similar to that proposed for stem peptide fusion inhibitors of dengue virus in which the RVFV inhibitory peptide first binds to both the virion and cell membranes, allowing it to traffic with the virus into the endocytic pathway. Upon acidification and rearrangement of Gc, the peptide is then able to specifically bind to Gc and prevent fusion of the viral and endocytic membranes, thus inhibiting viral infection. These results could provide novel insights into conserved features among the three classes of viral fusion proteins and offer direction for the future development of broadly active fusion inhibitors.	2.9701364040374756	25.228923797607422	12
A Generalized Discrete Dynamic Model for Human Epidemics. A discrete dynamic model for human epidemics was developed in present study. The model included major parameters as transmission strength and its decline parameters, mean incubation period, hospitalization time, non-hospitalization daily mortality, non-hospitalization daily recovery rate, and hospitalization proportion, etc. Sensitivity analysis of the model indicated the total cumulative cases significantly increased with initial transmission strength, hospitalization time. The total cumulative cases significantly decreased with transmission strength's decline and hospitalization proportion, and linearly decreased with non-hospitalization daily mortality and non-hospitalization daily recovery rate. In a certain range, the total cumulative cases significantly increased with mean incubation period. Sensitivity analysis demonstrated that dynamic change of transmission strength is one of the most important and controllable factors. In addition, reducing the delay for hospitalization is much effective in weakening disease epidemic. Non-hospitalization recovery rate is of importance for enhancing immunity to recover from the disease.	-4.8802642822265625	-23.017757415771484	3
A Genome-Wide Analysis of RNA Pseudoknots That Stimulate Efficient −1 Ribosomal Frameshifting or Readthrough in Animal Viruses. Programmed −1 ribosomal frameshifting (PRF) and stop codon readthrough are two translational recoding mechanisms utilized by some RNA viruses to express their structural and enzymatic proteins at a defined ratio. Efficient recoding usually requires an RNA pseudoknot located several nucleotides downstream from the recoding site. To assess the strategic importance of the recoding pseudoknots, we have carried out a large scale genome-wide analysis in which we used an in-house developed program to detect all possible H-type pseudoknots within the genomic mRNAs of animal viruses. Pseudoknots are detected downstream from ∼85% of the recoding sites, including many previously unknown pseudoknots. ∼78% of the recoding pseudoknots are the most stable pseudoknot within the viral genomes. However, they are not as strong as some designed pseudoknots that exhibit roadblocking effect on the translating ribosome. Strong roadblocking pseudoknots are not detected within the viral genomes. These results indicate that the decoding pseudoknots have evolved to possess optimal stability for efficient recoding. We also found that the sequence at the gag-pol frameshift junction of HIV1 harbors potential elaborated pseudoknots encompassing the frameshift site. A novel mechanism is proposed for possible involvement of the elaborated pseudoknots in the HIV1 PRF event.	-6.612125396728516	20.75005340576172	8
A Mac2-positive progenitor-like microglial population survives independent of CSF1R signaling in adult mouse brain.	6.586716175079346	40.633750915527344	0
A Novel Method for the Estimation of a Dynamic Effective Reproduction Number (Dynamic-R) in the CoViD-19 Outbreak A Novel Method for the Estimation of a Dynamic Effective Reproduction Number (Dynamic-R) in the CoViD-19 Outbreak. The CoViD-19 outbreak has escalated to a pandemic in the last few weeks, with no signs of stopping. Pharmaceutical solutions based upon virologic studies, at this point, remain inconclusive. In contrast, this paper looks towards epidemiological models during this phase of viral growth, in particular, by providing a responsive, timely model of the R value based on the previous few days' results. Such an R value, although bearing less statistical precision due to limited sampling, could allow R to become a more effective, responsive standalone measure of infectious transmission. It demonstrates that the R value can be used as a dynamic, time-dependent indicator without the use of curve-fitting, and also estimates the most recent R-value of the	-19.741506576538086	-15.820260047912598	5
A PREPRINT. On December 31, 2019, the World Health Organization was notified about a cluster of pneumonia of unknown aetiology in the city of Wuhan, China. Chinese authorities later identified a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as the causative agent of the outbreak. As of January 23, 2020, cases have been confirmed in China and several other countries. Understanding the transmission characteristics and the potential for sustained human-to-human transmission of 2019-nCoV is critically important for coordinating current screening and containment strategies, and determining whether the outbreak constitutes a public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC). We performed stochastic simulations of early outbreak trajectories that are consistent with the epidemiological findings to date. We found the basic reproduction number, R , to be around 2.2 (90% high density interval 1.4-3.8), indicating the potential for sustained human-to-human transmission. Transmission characteristics appear to be of a similar magnitude to severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and the pandemic influenza. These findings underline the importance of heightened screening, surveillance and control efforts, particularly at airports and other travel hubs, in order to prevent further international spread of 2019-nCoV.	-8.842402458190918	-27.64350128173828	2
A PROOF OF CONCEPT FOR A SYNDROMIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM BASED ON ROUTINE AMBULANCE RECORDS IN THE SOUTH-WEST OF ENGLAND, FOR THE INFLUENZA SEASON A PREPRINT. The introduction of electronic patient records in the ambulance service provides new opportunities to monitor the population. Most patients presenting to British ambulance services are discharged at scene. Ambulance records are therefore an ideal data source for syndromic early event detection systems to monitor infectious disease in the prehospital population. It has been previously found that tympanic temperature records can be used to detect influenza outbreaks in emergency departments. This study investigated whether routine tympanic temperature readings collected by ambulance crews can be used to detect seasonal influenza. Here we show that these temperature readings do allow the detection of seasonal influenza before methods applied to conventional data sources. The counts of pyretic patients were used to calculate a sliding case ratio (CR) as a measurement to detect seasonal influenza outbreaks. This method does not rely on conventional thresholds and can be adapted to the data. The data collected correlated with seasonal influenza. The 2016/17 outbreak was detected with high specificity and sensitivity, up to weeks before other surveillance programs. An unanticipated outbreak of E. coli was detected in the same dataset. Our results show that ambulance records can be a useful data source for biosurveillance systems. Two outbreaks caused by different infectious agents have been successfully detected. The routine ambulance records allowed to use tympanic temperature readings that can be used as surveillance tool for febrile diseases. Therefore, this method is a valuable addition to the current surveillance tools.	-22.52756690979004	-21.64657974243164	2
A Recombinant Influenza A/H1N1 Carrying A Short Immunogenic Peptide of MERS-CoV as Bivalent Vaccine in BALB/c Mice. Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) became a global human health threat since its first documentation in humans in 2012. An efficient vaccine for the prophylaxis of humans in hotspots of the infection (e.g., Saudi Arabia) is necessary but no commercial vaccines are yet approved. In this study, a chimeric DNA construct was designed to encode an influenza A/H1N1 NA protein which is flanking immunogenic amino acids (aa) 736-761 of MERS-CoV spike protein. Using the generated chimeric construct, a novel recombinant vaccine strain against pandemic influenza A virus (H1N1pdm09) and MERS-CoV was generated (chimeric bivalent + 3). The chimeric bivalent + vaccine strain comprises a recombinant PR8-based vaccine, expressing the PB1, HA, and chimeric NA of pandemic H1N1. Interestingly, an increase in replication efficiency of the generated vaccine strain was observed when compared to the PR8-based + H1N1pdm09 vaccine strain that lacks the MERS-CoV spike peptide insert. In BALB/c mice, the inactivated chimeric bivalent vaccine induced potent and specific neutralizing antibodies against MERS-CoV and H1N1pdm09. This novel approach succeeded in developing a recombinant influenza virus with potential use as a bivalent vaccine against H1N1pdm09 and MERS-CoV. This approach provides a basis for the future development of chimeric influenza-based vaccines against MERS-CoV and other viruses. Software, M.M.S. ; Formal Analysis and Investigation, M.M.S., A.K., A.M., R.E.-S., G.K. and M.A.A. ; Writing-Original Draft Preparation, M.Supervision, G.K and M.A.A. ; Funding acquisition R.W., G.K., M.A.A. ; all authors revised and approved the final manuscript.	24.64687728881836	18.83232879638672	4
A Systems Immunology Approach to Plasmacytoid Dendritic Cell Function in Cytopathic Virus Infections. Plasmacytoid dendritic cell (pDC)-mediated protection against cytopathic virus infection involves various molecular, cellular, tissue-scale, and organism-scale events. In order to better understand such multiscale interactions, we have implemented a systems immunology approach focusing on the analysis of the structure, dynamics and operating principles of virus-host interactions which constrain the initial spread of the pathogen. Using high-resolution experimental data sets coming from the well-described mouse hepatitis virus (MHV) model, we first calibrated basic modules including MHV infection of its primary target cells, i.e. pDCs and macrophages (Mws). These basic building blocks were used to generate and validate an integrative mathematical model for in vivo infection dynamics. Parameter estimation for the system indicated that on a per capita basis, one infected pDC secretes sufficient type I IFN to protect to Mws from cytopathic viral infection. This extremely high protective capacity of pDCs secures the spleen's capability to function as a 'sink' for the virus produced in peripheral organs such as the liver. Furthermore, our results suggest that the pDC population in spleen ensures a robust protection against virus variants which substantially down-modulate IFN secretion. However, the ability of pDCs to protect against severe disease caused by virus variants exhibiting an enhanced liver tropism and higher replication rates appears to be rather limited. Taken together, this systems immunology analysis suggests that antiviral therapy against cytopathic viruses should primarily limit viral replication within peripheral target organs.	7.17563009262085	32.7623176574707	0
A Toolkit for Rapid Modular Construction of Biological Circuits in Mammalian Cells. The ability to rapidly assemble and prototype cellular circuits is vital for biological research and its applications in biotechnology and medicine. Current methods that permit the assembly of DNA circuits in mammalian cells are laborious, slow, expensive and mostly not permissive of rapid prototyping of constructs. Here we present the Mammalian ToolKit (MTK), a Golden Gate-based cloning toolkit for fast, reproducible and versatile assembly of large DNA vectors and their implementation in mammalian models. The MTK consists of a curated library of characterized, modular parts that can be easily mixed and matched to combinatorially assemble one transcriptional unit with different characteristics, or a hierarchy of transcriptional units weaved into complex circuits. MTK renders many cell engineering operations facile, as showcased by our ability to use the toolkit to generate single-integration landing pads, to create and deliver libraries of protein variants and sgRNAs, and to iterate through Cas9-based prototype circuits. As a biological proof of concept, we used the MTK to successfully design and rapidly construct in mammalian cells a challenging multicistronic circuit encoding the Ebola virus (EBOV) replication complex. This construct provides a non-infectious biosafety level (BSL2) cellular assay for exploring the transcription and replication steps of the EBOV viral life cycle in its host. Its construction also demonstrates how the MTK can enable important and time sensitive applications such as the rapid testing of pharmacological inhibitors of emerging BSL4 viruses that pose a major threat to human health. and Extensible Mammalian Modular Assembly kit (EMMA) based on Golden Gate assembly reactions were proposed. Both methods use sets of modular parts with given functionality, which can be assembled directionally into transcription units (TUs) by type-IIS restriction enzymes. While useful, all three methods have important shortcomings. GMAP requires sequencing in between all cloning steps, which makes the method slow and expensive. EMMA and mMoClo provide a method to hierarchically assemble DNA vectors that encode large circuits, but fall short on shareability, integration of Cas9 sgRNA cloning, a library of tested parts, and ease of use. While in yeast and plant systems, methods for the rapid, efficient and hierarchical assembly of genetic circuits from a large library of well described modular parts [8] [9] [10] [11] exist, we are unaware that such a cloning toolkit for mammalian systems is readily available. In this work, we adapted the modular cloning strategy (MoClo) strategy to build mammalian expression vectors. The Mammalian ToolKit (MTK) is a library of over parts including vetted promoters, 3'UTRs, fluorescent proteins, insulator and P2A elements that can be combined to build large genetic circuits in a rapid and efficient fashion. These vectors can be delivered to a wide range of cell types, through viral, recombinase and CRISPR/Cas9 methods. As a proof of concept, we built a hAAVS1 landing pad for single integration of genetic circuits, created and delivered libraries of protein variants and sgRNAs and rapidly compared multi-species Cas9-based genetic circuits. Finally, we used Ebola virus (EBOV) as a test case to address an emerging need to streamline the generation of BSL2 reagents during outbreaks of novel BSL4 viruses. Using the MTK, we rapidly built a non-infectious multicistronic ribonucleoprotein expression system for EBOV in a mammalian host. This system recapitulates the transcription and replication sub-lifecycle of the virus in a mammalian host, and can therefore be used to accelerate the study of viral biology and discovery of antiviral molecules.	-10.610799789428711	12.877433776855469	6
A baculovirus dual expression system-based vaccine confers complete protection against lethal challenge with H9N2 avian influenza virus in mice. Background: Avian influenza viruses of H9N2 subtype have become highly prevalent in avian species. Although these viruses generally cause only mild to moderate disease, they can infect a wide variety of species, including chickens, quail, turkeys, ducks, geese, pheasant, partridge, and pigeon, even transmitted to mammalian species, including humans, accelerating the efforts to devise protective strategies against them. Results: The results showed that stronger immune responses were induced in a mouse model immunized with BV-Dual-HA than in those vaccinated with a DNA vaccine encoding the same antigen. Moreover, complete protection against lethal challenge with H9N2 virus was observed in mice. Conclusion: BV-Dual-HA could be utilized as a vaccine candidate against H9N2 virus infection.	23.502952575683594	19.44509506225586	10
A binning tool to reconstruct viral haplotypes from assembled contigs. Infections by RNA viruses such as Influenza, HIV still pose a serious threat to human health despite extensive research on viral diseases. One challenge for producing effective prevention and treatment strategies is high intra-species genetic diversity. As different strains may have different biological properties, characterizing the genetic diversity is thus important to vaccine and drug design. Next-generation sequencing technology enables comprehensive characterization of both known and novel strains and has been widely adopted for sequencing viral populations. However, genome-scale reconstruction of haplotypes is still a challenging problem. In particular, haplotype assembly programs often produce contigs rather than full genomes. As a mutation in one gene can mask the phenotypic effects of a mutation at another locus, clustering these contigs into genome-scale haplotypes is still needed. Results: We developed a contig binning tool, VirBin, which clusters contigs into different groups so that each group represents a haplotype. Commonly used features based on sequence composition and contig coverage cannot effectively distinguish viral haplotypes because of their high sequence similarity and heterogeneous sequencing coverage for RNA viruses. VirBin applied prototype-based clustering to cluster regions that are more likely to contain mutations specific to a haplotype. The tool was tested on multiple simulated sequencing data with different haplotype abundance distributions and contig sizes, and also on mock quasispecies sequencing data. The benchmark results with other contig binning tools demonstrated the superior sensitivity and precision of VirBin in contig binning for viral haplotype reconstruction. Availability: Contact: yannisun@cityu.edu.hk	-8.189725875854492	0.1331769973039627	6
A broadly neutralizing germline-like human monoclonal antibody against dengue virus envelope domain III a1111111111 a1111111111 a1111111111 a1111111111 a1111111111 OPEN ACCESS. Dengue is the most widespread vector-borne viral disease caused by dengue virus (DENV) for which there are no safe, effective drugs approved for clinical use. Here, by using sequential antigen panning of a yeast antibody library derived from healthy donors against the DENV envelop protein domain III (DIII) combined with depletion by an entry defective DIII mutant, we identified a cross-reactive human monoclonal antibody (mAb), m366.6, which bound with high affinity to DENV DIII from all four DENV serotypes. Immunogenetic analysis indicated that m366.6 is a germline-like mAb with very few somatic mutations from the closest VH and Vλ germline genes. Importantly, we demonstrated that it potently neutralized DENV both in vitro and in the mouse models of DENV infection without detectable antibodydependent enhancement (ADE) effect. The epitope of m366.6 was mapped to the highly conserved regions on DIII, which may guide the design of effective dengue vaccine immunogens. Furthermore, as the first germline-like mAb derived from a naïve antibody library that could neutralize all four DENV serotypes, the m366.6 can be a tool for exploring mechanisms of DENV infection, and is a promising therapeutic candidate. Dengue virus infects 50-100 million people each year. Infection is initiated by entry of the virus into cells mediated by the viral envelope glycoproteins. There are four closely related PLOS Pathogens | serotypes, but they all are antigenically distinct, with each comprising several genotypes that exhibit differences in their infection characteristics in both the mosquito vector and in the human host. One of the confounding problems that has faced vaccine and biological drugs development for decades is the inability of antibodies to one serotype to protect against infection by another one. Instead, the induced humoral immune response to one dengue virus infection can enhance the infection and disease processes brought by a subsequent infection with another dengue serotype. In this study, by using a competitive sorting strategy to interrogate a human naïve antibody library, we identified a cross-reactive mAb, designated as m366.6, against the four DENV serotypes. The mAb m366.6 possesses only few somatic mutations from the closest VH and Vλ germline genes and high affinity to DIII. Most importantly, the germline-like m366.6 demonstrated a broad spectrum of neutralization against the four DENV serotypes. Thus, m366.6 is a promising candidate therapeutics and its epitope may imply on the design of effective vaccine immunogens to elicit m366.6-like antibodies in vivo. A broadly neutralizing germline-like human monoclonal antibody against dengue virus PLOS Pathogens | The DENV E protein is consist of DI, DII and DIII, which are shown in green, cyan, and light pink, respectively. The scFv was displayed as an Aga2p (rose red) fusion protein on the surface of yeast. Antibody expression can be detected by using fluorescent anti-c-Myc antibody (green), and binding of the scFv to the biotinylated DIII can be detected using PE-conjugated streptavidin (red). HA, hemagglutinin; VL, variable light chain; VH, variable heavy chain; (G S) , (Gly Ser) -flexible peptide linker. (B) Schematic of the scFv panning process. The biotinylated DIII, shown with a fluorescent tag colored in red, was used as the antigen for bio-panning, and ten times concentration of unbiotinylated DIII K310E mutant was used as the competitor. MACS and FACS-based sorting strategies were used to isolate high affinity binders from the yeast-displayed antibody library. A broadly neutralizing germline-like human monoclonal antibody against dengue virus PLOS Pathogens |	17.780811309814453	19.830787658691406	4
A comprehensive annotation and differential expression analysis of short and long non-coding RNAs in bat genomes. Although bats are increasingly becoming the focus of scientific studies due to their unique properties, these exceptional animals are still among the least studied mammals. Assembly quality and completeness of bat genomes vary a lot and especially non-coding RNA (ncRNA) annotations are incomplete or simply missing. Accordingly, standard bioinformatics pipelines for gene expression analysis often ignore ncRNAs such as microRNAs or long antisense RNAs. The main cause of this problem is the use of incomplete genome annotations. We present a complete screening for ncRNAs within bat genomes. NcRNAs affect a remarkable variety of vital biological functions, including gene expression regulation, RNA processing, RNA interference and, as recently described, regulatory processes in viral infections. Within all investigated bat assemblies we annotated ncRNA families including snoRNAs and miRNAs as well as rRNAs, tRNAs, several snRNAs and lncRNAs, and other structural ncRNA elements. We validated our ncRNA candidates by six RNA-Seq data sets and show significant expression patterns that have never been described before in a bat species on such a large scale. Our annotations will be usable as a resource (Electronic Supplement) for deeper studying of bat evolution, ncRNAs repertoire, gene expression and regulation, ecology, and important host-virus interactions. Supplementary information: is available at rna.uni-jena.de/supplements/bats, the Open Science Framework (doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/4CMDN), and GitHub (github.com/rnajena/bats_ncrna).	-13.523836135864258	16.268630981445312	6
A data-driven assessment of early travel restrictions related to the spreading of the novel COVID-19 within mainland China. Two months after it was firstly reported, the novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 has already spread worldwide. However, the vast majority of reported infections have occurred in China. To assess the effect of early travel restrictions adopted by the health authorities in China, we have implemented an epidemic metapopulation model that is fed with mobility data corresponding to and 2020. This allows to compare two radically different scenarios, one with no travel restrictions and another in which mobility is reduced by a travel ban. Our findings indicate that i) travel restrictions are an effective measure in the short term, however, ii) they are ineffective when it comes to completely eliminate the disease. The latter is due to the impossibility of removing the risk of seeding the disease to other regions. Our study also highlights the importance of developing more realistic models of behavioral changes when a disease outbreak is unfolding.	-15.308038711547852	-24.364660263061523	2
A deterministic epidemic model for the emergence of COVID-19 in China. Coronavirus disease broke out in Wuhan, Hubei province, China, in December and soon after Chinese health authorities took unprecedented prevention and control measures to curb the spreading of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia. We develop a mathematical model based on daily updates of reported cases to study the evolution of the epidemic. With the model, on 95% confidence level, we estimate the basic reproduction number, R = 2.82 ± 0.11, time between March and March when the effective reproduction number becoming less than one, the epidemic ending after April and the total number of confirmed cases approaching ± on the Chinese mainland excluding Hubei province.	-4.441946983337402	-27.329627990722656	3
A diallel of the mouse Collaborative Cross founders reveals strong strain-specific maternal effects on litter size. Reproductive success in the eight founder strains of the Collaborative Cross (CC) was measured using a diallel-mating scheme. Over a 48-month period we generated 4,448 litters, and 24,782 weaned pups were used across different published experiments. We identified factors that affect the average litter size in a cross by estimating the overall contribution of parent-of-origin, heterosis, inbred, and epistatic effects using a Bayesian zero-truncated overdispersed Poisson mixed model. The phenotypic variance of litter size has a substantial contribution (79%) from unexplained and environmental sources, but no detectable effect of seasonality. Most of the explained variance was due to additive effects (9.2%) and parental sex (maternal vs paternal strain; 5.8%), with epistasis accounting for 3.4%. Within the parental effects, the effect of the dam's strain explained more than the sire's strain (13.2% vs. 1.8%), and the dam's strain effects account for 74.2% of total variation explained. Dams from strains C57BL/6J and NOD/ShiLtJ increased the expected litter size by a mean of 1.66 and 1.79 pups, whereas dams from strains WSB/EiJ, PWK/PhJ, and CAST/EiJ reduced expected litter size by a mean of 1.51, 0.81, and 0.90 pups. Finally, there was no strong evidence for strain-specific effects on sex ratio distortion. Overall, these results demonstrate that strains vary substantially in their reproductive ability depending on their genetic background and that litter size is largely determined by dam.strain rather than sire.strain effects, as expected. This analysis adds to our understanding of factors that influence litter size in mammals, and also helps to explain breeding successes and failures in the extinct lines and surviving CC strains. KEYWORDS F1 cross additive heritability fertility BayesDiallel zero-truncated Poisson variance projection	-18.05221939086914	9.827880859375	5
A green strategy for the synthesis of sulfone derivatives of p-methylaminophenol: Kinetic evaluation and antibacterial susceptibility OPEN. This is one of the few examples in which the diverse products have been synthesized just by changing the applied potential. The synthesis of sulfonyl derivatives of p-methylaminophenol were carried out by reaction of the electrogenerated p-methylquinoneimine with sulfinic acids. Various types of mono (MSP), bis (BSP) and tris (TSP) sulfonyl p-methyl aminophenols were obtained by changing the electrode potential, in one pot under green conditions. The mono sulfonyl-p-(methylamino)phenol derivatives (MSP) were assessed for their in vitro antibacterial activity against the gram positive (Staphylococcus aureus) and gram negative (Escherichia coli) strains. It was found that the tested compounds were more active against Staphylococcus aureus than Escherichia coli. We also found that the antimicrobial activity of MSP derivatives to vary in the order MSP (R = CH ) > MSP (R = p-tolyl) ≈ MSP (R = phenyl) > MSP (R = p-ClC H ). Moreover, the observed homogeneous rate constants (k obs ) of the reaction of p-methyl quinoneimine with sulfinic acids were estimated in various pH values, based on the EC and ECEC mechanisms, by comparing the simulated cyclic voltammograms with the experimental ones. The control of selectivity is one of the important challenges in organic syntheses 1-6 . To overcome to this problem, a number of organic and metal catalyst systems has been examined 1-6 . However, they have the disadvantages of safety problems and heavy metal pollution. Organic electrochemical synthesis provides a powerful strategy for the synthesis of organic compounds in both laboratory and industry scale 7-13 . In this method, the electrons are considered as clean reagents, so that this method can be considered as a green technique. Another important feature of this method, which is used in this work, is its selectivity towards synthesis of products. This unique feature arises from the fact that, the different active intermediates can be provided just by changing the electrode potential 7-13 . p-Aminophenol is commercially significant as a versatile intermediate in the manufacture of chemical dye, drugs such as acetaminophen, photographic developer and anticorrosion agents 14-17 . In particular, it is known that some aminophenol derivatives have antiviral activity against flu A and simple herpes . It is also known that, the aminophenols containing a sulphone group in addition to activity against flu A and simple herpes have excellent activity against the HIV infection . On the other hand, it is found that, diphenylsulfone compounds exhibited antibacterial activity . For example, 4,4-diaminodiphenylsulfone (dapsone) is a bacteriostatic drug that inhibits dihydrofolic acid synthesis by competition with para-aminobenzoic acid . The oxidation of sulfides or sulfoxides using peracids or hydrogen peroxide, addition reactions to alkenes and alkynes, Friedel-Crafts-type sulfonylation of arenes in the presence of a Lewis or Brønsted acid catalyst, and alkylation of sulfinate salts, are four traditional methods for the synthesis of sulfones . The excess oxidizing agent, high temperatures, harsh reaction conditions, low regioselectivity, the need for stoichiometric amounts of the catalyst, the generation of hazardous waste and formation of a mixture of isomers are the main disadvantages of these methods 23-27 . Published: xx xx xxxx OPEN www.nature.com/scientificreports/ Scientific RepoRts | 7: |	-22.848512649536133	16.075279235839844	11
A high efficient hospital emergency responsive mode is the key of successful treatment of COVID-19 patients in Zhuhai. Since December 2019, Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) emerged in Wuhan city and rapidly spread throughout China. The mortality of novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) in severe and critical cases is very high. Facing this kind of public health emergency, high efficient administrative emergency responsive mode in designated hospital is needed. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	1.9765335321426392	-26.87114906311035	3
A highly conserved cryptic epitope in the receptor-binding domains of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV 7. The outbreak of COVID-19, which is caused by SARS-CoV-2 virus, continues to spread globally, but there is currently very little understanding of the epitopes on the virus. In this study, we have determined the crystal structure of the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein in complex with CR3022, a neutralizing antibody previously isolated from a convalescent SARS patient. CR3022 targets a highly conserved epitope that enables cross-reactive binding between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV. Structural modeling further demonstrates that the binding site can only be accessed when at least two RBDs on the trimeric S protein are in the "up" conformation. Overall, this study provides structural and molecular insight into the antigenicity of SARS-CoV-2. ONE SENTENCE SUMMARY Structural study of a cross-reactive SARS antibody reveals a conserved epitope on the SARS-CoV-2 receptor-binding domain.	7.915160179138184	16.228328704833984	4
A mathematical model for simulating the phase-based transmissibility of a novel coronavirus. Background: As reported by the World Health Organization, a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) was identified as the causative virus of Wuhan pneumonia of unknown etiology by Chinese authorities on January, 2020. The virus was named as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) by International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses on February, 2020. This study aimed to develop a mathematical model for calculating the transmissibility of the virus. Methods: In this study, we developed a Bats-Hosts-Reservoir-People transmission network model for simulating the potential transmission from the infection source (probably be bats) to the human infection. Since the Bats-Hosts-Reservoir network was hard to explore clearly and public concerns were focusing on the transmission from Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market (reservoir) to people, we simplified the model as Reservoir-People (RP) transmission network model. The next generation matrix approach was adopted to calculate the basic reproduction number (R ) from the RP model to assess the transmissibility of the SARS-CoV-2. Results: The value of R was estimated of 2.30 from reservoir to person and 3.58 from person to person which means that the expected number of secondary infections that result from introducing a single infected individual into an otherwise susceptible population was 3.58. Conclusions: Our model showed that the transmissibility of SARS-CoV-2 was higher than the Middle East respiratory syndrome in the Middle East countries, similar to severe acute respiratory syndrome, but lower than MERS in the Republic of Korea.	-2.875624656677246	-20.261489868164062	3
A mathematical model for simulating the transmission of Wuhan novel Coronavirus. bioRxiv preprint this study, we developed a Bats-Hosts-Reservoir-People transmission network model for simulating the potential transmission from the infection source (probable be bats) to the human infection. Since the Bats-Hosts-Reservoir network was hard to explore clearly and public concerns were focusing on the transmission from a seafood market (reservoir) to people, we simplified the model as Reservoir-People transmission network model. The basic reproduction number (R ) was calculated from the RP model to assess the transmissibility of the 2019-nCoV.	-2.978774070739746	-20.372682571411133	3
A mobile loop near the active site acts as a switch between the dual activities of a viral protease/deubiquitinase. The positive-strand RNA virus Turnip yellow mosaic virus (TYMV) encodes an ovarian tumor (OTU)-like protease/deubiquitinase (PRO/DUB) protein domain involved both in proteolytic processing of the viral polyprotein through its PRO activity, and in removal of ubiquitin chains from ubiquitylated substrates through its DUB activity. Here, the crystal structures of TYMV PRO/DUB mutants and molecular dynamics simulations reveal that an idiosyncratic mobile loop participates in reversibly constricting its unusual catalytic site by adopting "open", "intermediate" or "closed" conformations. The two cis-prolines of the loop form a rigid flap that in the most closed conformation zips up against the other side of the catalytic cleft. The intermediate and closed conformations also correlate with a reordering of the TYMV PRO/DUB catalytic dyad, that then assumes a classical, yet still unusually mobile, OTU DUB alignment. Further structure-based mutants designed to interfere with the loop's mobility were assessed for enzymatic activity in vitro and in vivo, and were shown to display reduced DUB activity while retaining PRO activity. This indicates that control of the switching between the dual PRO/DUB activities resides prominently within this loop next to the active site. Introduction of mutations into the viral genome revealed that the DUB activity contributes to the extent of viral RNA accumulation both in single cells and in whole plants. In addition, the conformation of the mobile flap was also found to influence symptoms severity in planta. Such mutants now provide powerful tools with which to study the specific roles of reversible ubiquitylation in viral infection. Citation: Jupin I, Ayach M, Jomat L, Fieulaine S, Bressanelli S (2017) A mobile loop near the active site acts as a switch between the dual activities of a viral protease/deubiquitinase. PLoS Pathog 13(11): e1006714.	-9.576630592346191	22.898313522338867	8
A model simulation study on effects of intervention measures in Wuhan COVID-19 epidemic. Background: In the beginning of January 2020, new unknown virus pneumonia cases started to emerge in local hospitals in Wuhan, China. This virus epidemic quickly became a public health emergency of international concern by the WHO. Enormous amount of medical supplies as well as healthcare personals from other provinces were mobilized to support Wuhan. This current work tent to help people understanding how infectious disease spread and the purpose and consequences of various efforts based on simulation model. Method: a simulation model was created using known parameters. R0 set to and mean incubation time to be 7.5days. the epidemic was divided to periods. Simulation would run times to mimic different patient0 status. Personal activity index was used to mimic different level of control measures. simulated patients were created.	-7.052981853485107	-23.965730667114258	3
A new phylogenetic protocol: Dealing with model misspecification and confirmation bias in molecular phylogenetics. To the memory of Rossiter H. Crozier , an evolutionary biologist, who with his generosity and inquisitiveness inspired many students and scientists, in Australia and abroad. doi: bioRxiv preprint Molecular phylogenetics plays a key role in comparative genomics and has an increasinglysignificant impacts on science, industry, government, public health, and society. We posit that the current phylogenetic protocol is missing two critical steps, and that their absence allows model misspecification and confirmation bias to unduly influence our phylogenetic estimates. Based on the potential offered by well-established but under-used procedures (e.g., assessment of phylogenetic assumptions and tests of goodness-of-fit), we introduce a new phylogenetic protocol that will reduce confirmation bias and increase the accuracy of phylogenetic estimates. doi: bioRxiv preprint CONFIRMATION BIAS IN PHYLOGENETICS Bayesian methods (77-82)), or using non-parametric phylogenetic methods (i.e., parsimony methods (66,68,70,71,(83)(84)(85)). In reality, many researchers analyze their data using a range of model-based phylogenetic methods, and reports that only use parsimony methods are increasingly rare. Depending on the chosen phylogenetic method, researchers may have to select a suitable model of sequence evolution (i.e., a model that combines the substitution model and the rates-across-sites model) to apply to the sub-MSA. This choice is often made by using model-selection methods (6,86-97). Having chosen a phylogenetic method and, in relevant cases, a suitable model of sequence evolution, the next step involves obtaining accurate estimates of the tree and evolutionary processes that led to the data. Phylogenetic methods are implemented in many programs (66-85) and, depending on the methods chosen, users often also obtain the nonparametric bootstrap probability (98) or clade credibility (99) to measure support for divergence events in the phylogeny.	-18.219451904296875	-8.707809448242188	5
A new transmission route for the propagation of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, Danchin, Ng, Turinici A new transmission route for the propagation of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus by. A new transmission route for the propagation of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, Danchin, Ng, Turinici Background: A novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) spread from the capital of the Hubei province in China to the rest of the country, then to most of the world. To anticipate future trends in the development of the epidemic, we explore here, based on public records of infected persons how variation in the virus tropism could end up in different patterns, warranting specific way to handle the epidemic.	17.77007484436035	6.975800037384033	1
A novel defective recombinant porcine enterovirus G virus carrying a porcine torovirus papain-like cysteine protease gene and a putative anti- apoptosis gene in place of viral structural protein genes Ryo Imai. Enterovirus G (EV-G) belongs to the family of Picornaviridae. Two types of recombinant porcine EV-Gs carrying papain-like cysteine protease (PLCP) gene of porcine torovirus, a virus in Coronaviridae, are reported. Type recombinant EV-Gs are detected in pig feces in Japan, USA, and Belgium and carry the PLPC gene at the junction site of 2C/3A genes, while PLPC gene replaces the viral structural genes in type recombinant EV-G detected in pig feces in a Chinese farm. We identified a novel type recombinant EV-G carrying the PLCP gene with flanking sequences in place of the viral structural genes in pig feces in Japan. The ~0.3 kb-long upstream flanking sequence had no sequence homology with any proteins deposited in GenBank, while the downstream ~0.9 kb-long flanking sequence included a domain having high amino acid sequence homology with a baculoviral inhibitor of apoptosis repeat superfamily. The pig feces, where the novel type recombinant EV-G was detected, also carried type recombinant EV-G. Although the phylogenetic analysis suggested that these two recombinant EV-Gs have independently evolved, type recombinant EV-G might have served as a helper virus by providing viral structural proteins for dissemination of the type recombinant EV-G.	14.997879981994629	6.438909530639648	4
A novel real-time PCR assay panel for detection of common respiratory pathogens in a convenient, strip-tube array format Running title: Respiratory PCR panel in a strip-tube array format Assistant Professor of Clinical Pathology and Laboratory Medicine Introduction. Commercial multiplex assays, built on different chemistries and platforms are widely available for simultaneous detection of pathogens that cause respiratory infections. However, these tests are often difficult to implement in a resource limited setting because of high cost. In this study, we developed and validated a method for simultaneous testing of common respiratory pathogens (Respanel) by real-time PCR in a convenient, strip-tube array format. Primers and probes for sixteen PCR assays were selected from the literature or newly designed. Following optimization of individual PCR assays, strip-tube arrays were prepared by dispensing primer-31 probe mixes (PPM) into two sets of 8-tube strips. Nucleic acid extracts from specimens were mixed with PCR master mix, and dispensed column-wise into 2X8-wells of a 96-well plate. PPMs from strip-tubes were then added to the wells using a multichannel pipette for real-time PCR. Individual PCR assays were optimized using previously known specimens (n=397) with 91%-100% concordance with culture, DFA or PCR results. Respanel was then tested in a routine manner at two different sites using specimens (n=147) previously tested by Qiagen Resplex I&II or Fast-Track Diagnostics Respiratory Pathogens assays. The sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of Respanel were 94%, 95% and 95%, respectively, against Resplex and 88%, 100% and 99%, respectively, against FTDRP21. Respanel detected 48% more pathogens (p<0.05) than Resplex but the rate of pathogen detection was not significantly different from FTDRP21. Respanel is a convenient and inexpensive assay that is more sensitive than Resplex and comparable to FTDRP21 for the detection of common respiratory pathogens. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	1.1063544750213623	-5.718799114227295	6
A novel totivirus alters gene expression and vacuolar morphology in Malassezia cells and induces a TLR3-mediated inflammatory immune response Running Head: A novel totivirus in Malassezia. Most fungal viruses have been identified in plant pathogens, whereas the presence of viral particles in human pathogenic fungi is less well studied. In the present study, we observed extrachromosomal double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) segments in various clinical isolates of Malassezia species. Malassezia is the most dominant fungal genus on the human skin surface, and species in this group are considered to be etiological factors in various skin diseases including dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis, and atopic dermatitis. We identified novel dsRNA segments and our sequencing results revealed that the virus, named MrV40, belongs to the Totiviridae family and contains an additional satellite dsRNA segment encoding a novel protein. The transcriptome of virus-infected M. restricta cells was compared to that of virus-41 free cells, and the results showed that transcripts involved in ribosomal biosynthesis were down regulated and those involved in energy production and programmed cell death were increased in abundance. Moreover, transmission electron microscopy revealed significantly larger vacuoles for virus-infected M. restricta cells, indicating that MrV40 infection dramatically altered M. restricta physiology. Our analysis also revealed that a viral nucleic acid from MrV40 induces a TLR3-mediated inflammatory immune response in bone marrow-47 derived dendritic cells (BMDCs) and this result suggests that a viral element contributes to the pathogenesis of Malassezia. Importance Malassezia is the most dominant fungal genus on the human skin surface and is associated with various skin diseases including dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis. Among Malassezia species, M. restricta is the most widely observed species on the human skin. In the current study, we identified a novel dsRNA virus, named MrV40, in M. restricta and characterized the sequences and structure of the viral genome along with an independent satellite dsRNA viral segment. Moreover, we found altered expression of genes involved in ribosomal synthesis and programmed cell death, indicating that virus infection altered the physiology of the fungal host cells. Our data also showed that the viral nucleic acid from MrV40 induces a TLR3-mediated inflammatory immune response in bone marrow-derived dendritic cells (BMDCs), indicating that a viral element likely contributes to the pathogenesis of Malassezia. This is the first study to identify and characterize a novel mycovirus in Malassezia. : bioRxiv preprint mushrooms (1). Fungal viruses, also known as mycoviruses, possess different forms of viral genomes including double-stranded RNA (dsRNA), single-stranded RNA (ssRNA), and single-stranded DNA (ssDNA). It is estimated that 30-80% of all fungal species, mainly endophytic fungi, are infected with viruses. Unlike viruses that infect other organisms, the transmission of fungal virus occurs vertically by cell division or horizontally via mating or hyphal anastomosis, with no extracellular phase of the virus life cycle. dsRNA segments have predominantly been found for fungal viruses and, taxonomically, the fungal dsRNA viruses are classified into seven families: Chrysoviridae, Endornaviridae, Megabirnaviridae, Quadriviridae, Partitiviridae, Reoviridae, and Totiviridae (2). The model fungus Saccharomyces cerevisiae also carries a dsRNA virus that belongs to the Totiviridae family and is known as the L-A virus. A unique feature of fungal viruses of the Totiviridae family is their capability to produce the killer toxin that lyses susceptible neighbor strains, whereas the virus-containing strain (also known as a killer strain) is immune to the toxin. Studies of how the virus produces killer toxins in S. cerevisiae showed that killer toxins are encoded by a satellite dsRNA segment, known as the M satellite, within the L-A virus. To date, four different killer toxins, K1, K2, K28, and Klus have been described (3-6). The S. cerevisiae L-A virus forms icosahedral particles with a diameter of approximately nm (7). The virus possesses a non-segmented 4.6-kb dsRNA genome consisting of two open reading frames (ORFs), gag and pol, which overlap by base pairs (bp) (8). gag encodes a major 76-kDa capsid protein (CP), and a 180-kDa minor protein species is encoded as a Gag-Pol : bioRxiv preprint fusion protein possesses viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RDRP) activity (8). The ribosomal frameshift is an interesting feature in a compact viral genome and has been commonly found in various viral genomes as a mechanism to allow viruses to express overlapping ORFs. Studies of S. cerevisiae L-A virus revealed that the mechanism of frameshifting is based on the sequence structures including a canonical slippery heptamer, 5′-91 X XXY YYZ-3′ (X= A, U or G; Y=A or U; Z=A, U, or C) and RNA pseudoknot (11). Fungal viruses have also been considered as biocontrol agents in the field of agriculture. For example, a virus causes hypovirulence in the chestnut blight fungus Cryphonectria parasitica (12, 13), and a virus mediates the biocontrol of other phytopathogenic fungi such as Helminthosporium victoriae, Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, and Botrytis cinerea (14). Although viral infections in fungal cells are widespread, the interactions between the fungal virus and its host are not well understood. One of the most studied host defense mechanisms is RNA silencing. Several studies have shown that RNA silencing functions as an antiviral defense mechanism against C. parasitica in fungi. Disruption of the dicer pathway in C. parasitica increases the susceptibility to virus infections (15), and p29 was identified as a suppressor that inhibits expression of the genes required for RNA silencing-mediated viral defense in the fungus (16). Similarly, conserved RNA silencing-mediated antiviral defense systems have been identified in Aspergillus nidulans, Rosellinia necatrix, and Fusarium graminearum (17-19). Malassezia is the most dominant fungal genus on the human skin surface and is considered as an etiological factor in various skin diseases including dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis, and atopic dermatitis (20-23). Eighteen Malassezia species have been identified; among them, M. restricta is the most abundant on the human skin (20). Recent studies showed an increased : bioRxiv preprint burden of M. restricta on the scalp of patients with dandruff, indicating an association between dandruff and the fungus although its role as a pathogenic organism is still unclear, and the host susceptibility should be taken into consideration (21, 24-27). Most fungal viruses are found in plant pathogenic fungi, whereas few examples of viral particles have been identified in human pathogenic fungi such as Candida albicans (28). In the present study, we observed extrachromosomal dsRNA segments in various M. restricta clinical isolates which represented a novel viral genome and its satellite. Sequence analysis revealed that the virus belongs to the Totiviridae family and that the additional satellite dsRNA segment encodes a novel protein. The interactions between the viral elements and the fungal host, and the impact of the virus on fungal interactions with immune cells were evaluated. Results Identification of extrachromosomal dsRNA segments in Malassezia Extrachromosomal nucleic acid bands were observed in total nucleic acid extracts of the M. restricta strains isolated in our recent study (29). Among the strains, M. restricta KCTC was used to identify extrachromosomal segments. Total nucleic acids were extracted from the strain and digested with DNase I, RNase A, and RNase T1. The extrachromosomal segments and ribosomal RNA were resistant to DNase I, indicating that they were neither ssDNA nor dsDNA. RNase A degraded all nucleic acids except for genomic DNA, whereas RNase T1, which catalyzes the degradation of ssRNA, removed ribosomal RNA only (30). These results suggested that the extrachromosomal segments correspond to dsRNA, and that M. restricta KCTC possesses two separate extrachromosomal segments estimated by agarose gel electrophoresis to be approximately 4.5 and 1.5 kb (Fig. : bioRxiv preprint To confirm whether the extrachromosomal segments observed in other M. restricta clinical isolates were also dsRNA, total nucleic acid extracts from the strains other than M. restricta KCTC were treated with DNAse I and RNase T1. The extrachromosomal segments remained unaffected after enzyme treatment, indicating that they are also dsRNA, as in M. restricta KCTC (Fig. Moreover, other Malassezia species including M. globosa, M. pachydermatis, and M sympodialis showed similar extrachromosomal dsRNA segments suggesting that these segments are common characteristics of Malassezia species (Fig. Agarose gel electrophoresis revealed extrachromosomal segments composed of at least two separate dsRNA fragments except for M. restricta KCTC 27543, which showed a single dsRNA fragment. Additionally, the large fragments of dsRNA showed similar sizes (~5.0 kb), whereas the small dsRNA segments varied in size in different strains ( Fig. 1B and 1C) . We hypothesized that the dsRNA segments from Malassezia strains represent the dsRNA elements of mycoviruses, which are prevalent in all major fungal taxa (2). Sucrose gradient ultracentrifugation was conducted to purify virus particles to confirm that the dsRNA segments in the Malassezia strains were indeed viral elements. The separated nucleic acids and proteins in each fraction were analyzed. Two dsRNA fragments (~5.0 and ~1.7 kb) were clearly visible in fractions 1-6 following agarose gel electrophoresis ( Fig. 2A) . Moreover, the results of sodium dodecyl sulfate-poly acrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-150 PAGE) showed that fractions 3-6 contained protein bands with an estimated molecular weight of ~77 kDa (Fig. 2B ). This molecular weight is similar to that of the known capsid protein of the S. cerevisiae mycovirus (9, 31, 32). Fractions 3-6 were subsequently evaluated by microscopy to visualize mycovirus particles in M. restricta. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) images showed virus-like particles with an isometric shape and a : bioRxiv preprint the viral particle as MrV40 (M. restricta KCTC Mycovirus). The large and small dsRNA viral fragments were named as MrV40L and MrV40S, respectively. In addition to evaluating images of the purified virus particle, we examined the morphology of M. restricta KCTC27540 cells containing the mycovirus for comparison with virus-free cells of M. restricta KCTC by TEM. The results showed that, in general, the size of vacuoles in the virus-containing strain was significantly larger than those in the virus-free strain, suggesting that the virus influences vacuole size in M. restricta (Fig. Determination of dsRNA sequence of MrV40L The complete sequence of MrV40L was determined by a combination of the Illumina MiSeq technique and the Sanger sequencing method using purified viral dsRNA. The length of the complete assembled sequence of MrV40L was 4,606 bp, and two overlapping open reading frames (ORFs), designated as ORF1 and ORF2, were identified (Fig. ORF1 corresponds to the region from nucleotides (nt) to 2,097 and encodes a polypeptide of amino acids with a molecular weight of kDa. ORF2 corresponds to the region from nt 1,949 to 4,538 and encodes a polypeptide of amino acids with a molecular weight of kDa. The results of BLAST analysis showed that the protein sequences of ORF1 and ORF2 were highly similar to the capsid protein (CP; the Pfam families of LA-virus_coat, PF09220) and viral RNA-directed RNA polymerase (RDRP; the Pfam family of RDRP_4, PF02123) of S. segobiensis virus L belonging to the genus Totivirus (Totiviridae family) with 53% (YP_009507830.1) and 52% (YP_009507831.1) identities, respectively (33). Eight conserved : bioRxiv preprint genomes similar to MrV40Ls, while the remaining samples had dissimilar viral genomes (Fig. Furthermore, we performed phylogenetic classification of the same viruses found in other clinical M. restricta isolates by multilocus sequence typing of the 1,075-bp region, bp of ORF1, and bp of ORF2, corresponding to gag and pol, respectively, within the viral genomes. The results revealed that the viruses were classified into three clades: clade Ⅰ (MrV12L, MrV16L, MrV40L, MrV79L, MrV80L, and MrV82L), clade Ⅱ (MrV18L, MrV43L, MrV83L, and MrV50L), and clade Ⅲ (MrV24L) (Fig. Additionally, the sequences of the 1,075-bp region of MrV40L, MrV79L, and MrV82L in the clade I were 100% identical, suggesting that they originated from the same lineage. : bioRxiv preprint To determine the sequence of MrV40S, the dsRNA segments of MrV40S were extracted from agarose gels and then subjected to cDNA cloning and sequencing (See Materials and Methods). Using the partial sequences obtained from cDNA clones and the sequences obtained from repeated 5′ rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE), we successfully determined the complete sequence of MrV40S. The sequence of MrV40S was 1,355 bp, and a single ORF was identified in the 3′ region (from nt to 1,097) which encoded a polypeptide of amino acids with a molecular weight of 15.6 kDa. The ORF was designated as ORF3. Although we obtained the complete sequence of MrV40S, no homologous protein sequence was identified by BLAST analysis using all currently available databases. Mycoviruses belonging to totivirus, particularly the S. cerevisiae LA-virus, often possess a satellite dsRNA segment known as M dsRNA, which is responsible for producing a killer toxin that excludes neighboring yeast cells. Because MrV40L resembles M dsRNA, we predicted that MrV40S produces a protein that inhibits other Malassezia strains and/or other fungal and/or bacterial cells residing on the skin. To test the toxin-like activity of the protein produced from MrV40S, ORF3 was cloned and the protein was heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli and purified (Fig. The activity of the purified protein was evaluated against several pathogenic fungi and bacteria including M. restricta, C. albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans, E. coli, and Staphylococcus aureus. Unexpectedly, the purified protein displayed no growth inhibitory effect on the microbial cells tested (data not shown). Based on these results, we concluded that the novel protein produced from ORF3 likely has no toxin-like activity against the microorganisms tested, and further functional studies are required to characterize its function. : bioRxiv preprint Notably, small increases in the production of TNF-α and IFN-α in TLR3 knockout mice in response to the cell extract of virus-infected M. restricta KCTC were ignored in our results because only one sample among the two virus-infected strains displayed an increase. The change in IL-10 in the same mutant BMDCs was also excluded because the differences were statistically insignificant. Overall, our data suggest that dsRNA in MrV40 triggers an increase in the production of cytokines involved in inflammation and that TLR3 plays a central role in the host response. Discussion In the current study, we detected dsRNA virus in several clinical isolates of Malassezia species. Among them, MrV40 identified in M. restricta KCTC was selected, and its genome structure, effects on host gene expression, and influence on the mammalian immune response were evaluated. Our data showed that MrV40 consists of two RNA segments, which we named as MrV40L and MrV40S. The results of genome sequence analysis suggested that these segments were 4,606 and 1,355 bp, respectively, and belong to the totivirus. Typically, the genomes of the viruses belonging to the genus Totivirus consist of non-segmented dsRNA with sizes between 4.6 and 7.0 kb, and contain two ORFs, gag and pol. Studies have specifically examined the genome structure of Totivirus because of the overlapping nature of the two ORFs, where a -1 frameshift occurs, resulting translation of the fusion protein (2). The overlapping ORFs and frameshift were frequently observed in a compact viral genome to translate proteins and were found in several dsRNA and ssRNA viruses; these ORFs allow ribosomes to translate CP and RDRP continuously with a missing CP termination codon (11, : bioRxiv preprint the pseudoknot structure of the mRNA for efficient slipping via a slippery site (57). For example, in the genome of the S. cerevisiae L-A virus, the 5′ ORF (gag) encodes a 76-kDa CP and the 3′ ORF (pol) encodes an RDRP which is expressed as a 180-kDa CP-RDRP fusion protein generated by a -1 ribosomal frameshift (8, 11). In our study, MrV40L (the major dsRNA segment in MrV40) contained two overlapping ORFs, ORF1 and ORF2. We identified a putative slippery site heptamer, 5′-GGGTTTT-3′, at the region from nt 1, to 1,974 for the -1 ribosomal frameshift, which may be associated with production of the fusion protein of kDa in MrV40L. A previous study suggested that in the S. cerevisiae L-A virus, the rate of ribosomal frameshifs was approximately 1.8%, giving CP and CP-RDRP fusion protein molecules per virus particle (11). Considering the low efficiency of producing the fusion proteins by ribosomal frameshifting, we expected to observe a significantly lower translation rate of the fusion protein; indeed, the putative 170-kDa band was not detected by SDS-PAGE. In addition to MrV40L, we determined the sequence of the satellite dsRNA segment MrV40S and found that it consists of 1,355 nt containing a single ORF, ORF3, producing a novel 15.6-kDa protein. As observed for other totiviruses, the possible toxin-like activity of the protein was investigated in our study, but no growth inhibitory activity against several bacteria and fungi was observed. It has been estimated that 30-80% of fungal species in nature are infected with viruses, and a fungal host normally shows no specific symptoms upon infection (14). However, several genes were shown to be required for maintaining and propagating viruses in the host fungal cells. In S. cerevisiae, numerous chromosomal genes are known to be involved in viral propagation and expression of the viral killer toxin (35). Furthermore, several genes are known to be responsible for maintaining the L-A virus and M dsRNA in S. cerevisiae. The MAK genes are required for the propagation and maintenance of the L-A virus and M dsRNA : bioRxiv preprint in S. cerevisiae (58). Among the MAK genes, MAK3, MAK10, and PET18 are required for the maintenance of both L-A virus and M dsRNA, whereas all other MAK genes are responsible only for M dsRNA (37-42). Particularly, MAK3 encodes an N-acetyltransferase and is required for N-acetylation of the coat protein (37, 59). A previous study showed that the coat proteins without acetylation failed to self-assemble, resulting in the loss of all dsRNA viruses (38). MAK10 and PET18 (MAK30+MAK31) encode a non-catalytic subunit of N-terminal acetyltransferase and a protein of unknown function, respectively. Mutant strains lacking each gene contained unstable viral particles, indicating that the genes are involved in the structural stability of LA-virus and M dsRNA (39). MAK1 (MAK17, TOP1) encodes DNA topoisomerase I, and other MAK genes including MAK2, MAK5, MAK11, MAK16, MAK21, MAK7 (RPL4A), MAK8 (TCM1), and MAK18 (RPL41B) are related to 60S ribosomal subunit assembly (42, 60, 61). All mutant stains lacking the above genes showed decreased levels of free 60S ribosomal subunits and the inability to maintain M dsRNA, suggesting that stable propagation of the satellite dsRNA depends on 60S ribosome synthesis (41, 42). In addition to the MAK genes, the SKI gene family has been shown to be involved in the maintenance and propagation of virus in S. cerevisiae. SKI1 (XRN1) encoding a 5′-3′ exonuclease is involved in the degradation of uncapped mRNA including viral mRNA, and SKI2, SKI3, SKI6, SKI7, and SKI8 block the translation of viral mRNAs (62-64). In the current study, homologs of most MAK and SKI genes were identified in M. restricta. The results of the transcriptome analysis suggested that most MAK genes were downregulated, which may in turn reduce ribosome synthesis in the M. restricta strain containing MrV40. In contrast, no SKI homolog showed significantly altered transcript levels in the M. restricta strain harboring MrV40. Moreover, we found increased expression of genes involved in : bioRxiv preprint energy metabolism and programmed cell death in the M. restricta strain containing the virus. Overall, our transcriptome analysis revealed that the expression of only a few genes was altered upon virus infection in M. restricta. Although the differential expression patterns differed from that of M. restricta, S. cerevisiae also displayed relatively small changes in fungal host gene expression upon virus infection, possibly because of co-adaptation of the virus within the fungal host (65). Maintenance and propagation of virus within the fungal host may be involved in the post-transcriptional mechanism and may contribute to the minimal changes in host gene expression. Notably, the possibility that an RNA silencing pathway in M. restricta cells influences virus maintenance was excluded because of the absence of homologous genes required for the pathway in the genome of the fungus. In addition to transcriptome analysis, we directly investigated whether the virus influences the cellular morphology of M. restricta and the structures of its intracellular organelles by	-0.5026248693466187	20.475095748901367	12
A pilot study-genetic diversity and population structure of snow leopards of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, using molecular techniques. Background: The Hindu Kush and Karakoram mountain ranges in Pakistan's northern areas are a natural habitat of the snow leopard (Panthera uncia syn. Uncia uncia) but the ecological studies on this animal are scarce since it is human shy by nature and lives in difficult mountainous tracts. The pilot study is conducted to exploit the genetic diversity and population structure of the snow leopard in this selected natural habitat of the member of the wildcat family in Pakistan. Method: About putative scat samples of snow leopard from five localities of Gilgit-Baltistan (Pakistan) along with a control sample of zoo maintained male snow leopard were collected for comparison. Significant quality and quantity of genomic DNA was extracted from scat samples using combined Zhang-phenol-chloroform method and successful amplification of cytochrome c oxidase I gene (190 bp) using mini-barcode primers, seven simple sequence repeats (SSR) markers and Y-linked AMELY gene (200 bp) was done. Results: Cytochrome c oxidase I gene sequencing suggested that 33/50 (66%) scat samples were of snow leopard. AMELY primer suggested that out of amplified samples, (63.63%) scats were from male and (36.36%) from female leopards. Through successful amplification of DNA of out of (75.75%) scat samples using SSR markers, a total of alleles on seven SSR loci were identified, showing low heterozygosity, while high gene flow between population. Discussion: The low gene flow rate among the population results in low genetic diversity causing decreased diversification. This affects the adaptability to climatic changes, thus ultimately resulting in decreased population size of the species.	0.15467485785484314	-11.46635627746582	6
A practical generation interval-based approach to inferring the strength of epidemics from their speed Keywords Infectious disease modeling; Generation interval; basic reproductive number 1. Infectious-disease outbreaks are often characterized by the reproductive number R and exponential rate of growth r. R provides information about outbreak control and predicted final size. Directly estimating R is difficult, while r can often be estimated from incidence data. These quantities are linked by the generation interval -the time between when an individual is infected by an infector, and when that infector was infected. It is often infeasible to obtain the exact shape of a generation-interval distribution, and to understand how this shape affects estimates of R. We show that estimating generation interval mean and variance provides insight into the relationship between R and r. We use examples based on Ebola, rabies and measles to explore approximations based on gamma-distributed generation intervals, and find that use of these simple approximations are often sufficient to capture the r-R relationship and provide robust estimates of R.	-13.675389289855957	-16.194480895996094	5
A preliminary study on serological assay for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) in admitted hospital patients. Background The outbreak of the recently emerged novel corona virus disease	22.790224075317383	-1.2707291841506958	1
A quantitative framework to define the end of an outbreak: application to Ebola Virus Disease "A quantitative framework to define the end of an outbreak: application to Ebola Virus Disease". Declaring the end of an outbreak is an important step in controlling infectious disease outbreaks. An objective estimation of the probability of cases arising in the future is important to reduce the risk of post-declaration flare-ups. We developed a simulationbased model to quantify that probability. We tested it on simulated Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) data and found this probability was most sensitive to the instantaneous reproduction number, the reporting rate, and the delay between symptom onset and recovery or death of the last detected case. For EVD, our results suggest that the current WHO criterion of days since the outcome of the last detected case is too short and very sensitive to underreporting. The days of enhanced surveillance period after the end-of-outbreak declaration is therefore crucial to capture potential flare-ups of cases. Hence, we suggest a shift to a preliminary end-of-outbreak declaration after days from the symptom onset day of the last detected case. This should be followed by a 90-day enhanced surveillance, after which the official end-ofoutbreak can be declared. This corresponds to less than 5% probability of flare ups in most of the scenarios examined. Our quantitative framework could be adapted to define end-of-outbreak criteria for other infectious diseases.	-11.4086332321167	-30.025772094726562	2
A retrospective study of the clinical characteristics of COVID-19 infection in children. Background: The outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia in China began in December 2019. Studies on novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) were less based on pediatric patients. This study aimed to reveal the clinical characteristics of COVID-19 in children. Method: This study retrospectively analyzed the clinical symptoms, laboratory results, chest CT, and treatment of children with laboratory-confirmed COVID-19(ie, with samples that were positive for novel coronavirus[2019-nCoV]) who were admitted to Result: Nine patients had no obvious clinical symptom. patients developed fever. Other symptoms, including cough(in eleven of seventeen patients), rhinorrhea(in two), diarrhea(in two), vomiting(in two), were also observed. A small minority of patients had lymphocytopenia. Alanine transaminase or transaminase increased in three cases. According to chest CT scan, patients showed unilateral pneumonia, patients had no pulmonary infiltration. No serious complications such as acute respiratory syndrome and acute lung injury occurred in all patients. Conclusion: The clinical characteristics of 2019-nCoV infection in children were different from adult. The overall condition of children were mild and have a good prognosis.	13.933221817016602	-17.469785690307617	7
A simple model to assess Wuhan lock-down effect and region efforts during COVID-19 epidemic in China Mainland. Since COVID-19 emerged in early December, in Wuhan and swept across China Mainland, a series of large-scale public health interventions, especially Wuhan lock-down combined with nationwide traffic restrictions and Stay At Home Movement, have been taken by the government to control the epidemic. Based on Baidu Migration data and the confirmed cases data, we identified two key factors affecting the later (e.g February 27, 2020) cumulative confirmed cases in non-Wuhan region (y). One is the sum travelers from Wuhan during January to January (x1), which had higher infected probability but lower transmission ability because the human-to-human transmission risk of COVID-19 was confirmed and announced on January 20. The other is the "seed cases" from Wuhan before January 19, which had higher transmission ability and could be represented with the confirmed cases before January (x2) due to a mean 10-day delay between infection and detection. A simple yet effective regression model then was established as follow: y= 70.0916+0.0054×x1+2.3455×x2 (n = 44, R = 0.9330, P<10 -7 ). Even the lock-down date only delay or in advance days, the estimated confirmed cases by February in non-Wuhan region will increase 35.21% or reduce 30.74% -48.59%. Although the above interventions greatly reduced the human mobility, Wuhan lock-down combined with nationwide traffic restrictions and Stay At Home Movement do have a determining effect on the ongoing spread of COVID-19 across China Mainland. The strategy adopted by China has changed the fast-rising curve of newly diagnosed cases, the international community should learn from lessons of Wuhan and experience from China. Efforts of Provinces and prefecture-level cities against COVID-19 were also assessed preliminarily according to the interpretive model. Big data has played and will continue playing an important role in public health.	-1.6505024433135986	-29.456199645996094	3
A single locus underlies variation in Caenorhabditis elegans chemotherapeutic responses. Pleiotropy, the concept that a single gene controls multiple distinct traits, is prevalent in most organisms and has broad implications for medicine and agriculture. Identifying the molecular mechanisms underlying pleiotropy has the power to unveil previously unknown biological connections between seemingly unrelated traits. Additionally, the discovery of pleiotropic genes increases our understanding of both genetic and phenotypic complexity by characterizing novel gene functions. Quantitative trait locus (QTL) mapping has been used to identify several pleiotropic regions in many organisms. However, gene knockout studies are needed to eliminate the possibility of tightly linked, non-pleiotropic loci. Here, we use a panel of recombinant inbred advanced intercross lines of Caenorhabditis elegans and a high-throughput fitness assay to identify a single large-effect QTL on the center of chromosome V associated with variation in responses to eight chemotherapeutics. We validate this QTL with near-isogenic lines and pair genome-wide gene expression data with drug response traits to perform mediation analysis, leading to the identification of a pleiotropic candidate gene, scb-1 . Using deletion strains created by genome editing, we show that scb-1 , which was previously implicated in response to bleomycin, also underlies responses to other double-strand DNA break-inducing chemotherapeutics. This finding provides new evidence for the role of scb-1 in the nematode drug response and highlights the power of mediation analysis to identify causal genes. : bioRxiv preprint / Here, we use linkage mapping to identify a single overlapping QTL on chromosome V that influences the responses to eight chemotherapeutic compounds. We show that these drug-response QTL also overlap with an expression QTL hotspot that contains the gene scb-1 , previously implicated in bleomycin response (Brady et al. 2019) . Although the exact mechanism of scb-1 is yet unknown, it is hypothesized to act in response to stress (Riedel et al. ) and has weak homology to a viral hydrolase (Zhang et al. 2018; Kelley et al. 2015) . Together, these data suggest that the importance of scb-1 expression might extend beyond bleomycin response. We validated the QTL using near-isogenic lines (NILs) and performed mediation analysis to predict that scb-1 expression explains the observed QTL for five of the eight drugs. Finally, we directly tested the effect of scb-1 loss of function on chemotherapeutic responses. We discovered that expression of scb-1 underlies differential responses to several chemotherapeutics that cause double-strand DNA breaks, not just bleomycin. This discovery of pleiotropy helps to further define the role of scb-1 by expanding its known functions and provides insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying the nematode drug response. MATERIALS AND METHODS Animals were grown at 20°C on modified nematode growth media (NGMA) containing 1% agar and 0.7% agarose to prevent burrowing and fed OP50 ( Ghosh et al. 2012) . The two parental strains, the canonical laboratory strain, N2, and the wild isolate from Hawaii, CB4856, were used to generate all recombinant lines. recombinant inbred advanced intercross lines (RIAILs) generated previously by Rockman et al. (Rockman and Kruglyak 2009) (set RIAILs) were phenotyped for expression QTL mapping (detailed below). A second set of RIAILs generated previously by Andersen et al. (Andersen et al. 2015) (set RIAILs) was used more extensively for drug phenotyping and linkage mapping. Near-isogenic lines (NILs) were generated by backcrossing a selected RIAIL for several generations (Brady et al. 2019) , using PCR amplicons for insertion-deletion (indels) variants to track the introgressed region. NILs were whole-genome sequenced to verify clean introgressions. CRISPR-Cas9-mediated deletions of scb-1 were described in Brady et al. (Brady et al. 2019) . All strains are available upon request or from the C. elegans Natural Diversity Resource (Cook et al. 2016) . For dose responses and RIAIL phenotyping, we used a high-throughput fitness assay (HTA) described previously . In summary, populations of each strain were passaged and amplified on NGMA plates for four generations. In the fifth generation, gravid adults were bleach-synchronized and 25-50 embryos from each strain were aliquoted into 96-well microtiter plates at a final volume of µL K medium (Boyd, Smith, and Freedman 2012) . The following day, arrested L1s were fed HB101 bacterial lysate (Pennsylvania State University Shared Fermentation Facility, State College, PA; (García-González et al. 2017) ) at a final concentration of mg/mL in K medium and were grown to the L4 larval stage for hours at 20°C with constant shaking. Three L4 larvae were sorted into new 96-well microtiter plates containing mg/mL HB101 bacterial lysate, µM kanamycin, and either diluent (1% water or . CC-BY 4.0 : bioRxiv preprint / Figure 3. Expression QTL mapping identifies several hotspots. (A) The genomic locations of the eQTL peaks (x-axis) are plotted against the genomic locations of the probe (y-axis). The size of the point corresponds to the effect size of the QTL. eQTL are colored by the LOD score, increasing from purple to pink to yellow. The diagonal band represents local eQTL, and vertical bands represent eQTL hotspots. (B) Quantification of eQTL hotspots identified by overlapping distant eQTL. The number of distant eQTL (y-axis) in each cM bin across the genome (x-axis) is shown. Bins above the red line are significant and marked with an asterisk. The dotted vertical line represents the genomic position of scb-1 . : bioRxiv preprint / Figure 4. Local mediation analysis for scb-1 . Mediation estimates calculated as the fraction of the total QTL effect explained by differences in expression of each gene (y-axis) are plotted against genomic position of the gene (x-axis) on chromosome V for probes surrounding scb-1 (red diamond). The 95th percentile of the distribution of mediation estimates for each trait are represented by the horizontal grey lines. The confidence intervals for QTL are shown with the vertical blue dotted lines. The confidence of the estimate increases (p-value decreases) as points become less transparent. : bioRxiv preprint / Figure 5. Testing the role of scb-1 in drug responses. (A) Strain genotypes on chromosome V are shown, colored orange (N2) and blue (CB4856). From top to bottom, strains are N2, ECA1132, ECA1134, and CB4856. Deletion of scb-1 is indicated by a grey triangle. The dotted vertical line represents the location of scb-1 . (B) Phenotypes are plotted as Tukey box plots with strain (y-axis) by relative residual animal length (x-axis). Statistical significance of each deletion strain compared to its parental strain (ECA1132 to N2 and ECA1134 to CB4856) is shown above each strain and colored by the parent strain against which it was tested (ns = non-significant (p-value > 0.05);	-14.949047088623047	9.771742820739746	11
A spatial model of CoVID-19 transmission in England and Wales: early spread and peak timing. An outbreak of a novel coronavirus, named CoVID-19, was first reported in China on December 2019. As of February 2020, cases have been reported in countries, including probable cases of human-to-human transmission in England. We adapted an existing national-scale metapopulation model to capture the spread of CoVID-19 in England and Wales. We used census data to capture population sizes and population movement, together with parameter estimates from the current outbreak in China. We predict that a CoVID-19 outbreak will peak to days (~4 months) after the start of person-to-person transmission in England and Wales in the absence of controls, assuming biological parameters remain unchanged. Therefore, if person-to-person transmission persists from February, we predict the epidemic peak would occur in June. The starting location has minimal impact on peak timing, and model stochasticity varies peak timing by days. Incorporating realistic parameter uncertainty leads to estimates of peak time ranging from days to days after person-to-person transmission has been established. Seasonal changes in transmission rate substantially impact the timing and size of the epidemic peak, as well as the total attack rate. We provide initial estimates of the potential course of CoVID-19 in England and Wales in the absence of control measures. These results can be refined with improved estimates of epidemiological parameters, and permit investigation of control measures and cost effectiveness analyses. Seasonal changes in transmission rate could shift the timing of the peak into winter months, which will have important implications for health-care capacity planning.	-12.132406234741211	-26.743589401245117	2
A survey of visitors on Swedish livestock farms with reference to the spread of animal diseases. Background: In addition to livestock movements, other between-farm contacts such as visitors may contribute to the spread of contagious animal diseases. Knowledge about such contacts is essential for contingency planning. Preventive measures, risk-based surveillance and contact tracing may be facilitated if the frequency and type of between-farm contacts can be assessed for different types of farms. The aim of this study was to investigate the frequency and types of visitors on farms with cloven-hoofed animals in Sweden and to analyse whether there were differences in the number of visitors attributable to region, season, and type of herd. Data were collected from Swedish farmers through contact-logs covering two-week periods during four different seasons. Results: In total, (32%) farmers filled in the contact log for at least one period and the data represent 18,416 days. The average number of professional and non-professional visitors per day was 0.3 and 0.8, respectively. Whereas the number of professional visitors seemed to increase with increasing herd size, this relation was not seen for non-professional visits. The mean numbers of visitors per day were highest in the summer and in the farm category 'small mixed farm'. Reports of the visitors' degree of contact with the animals showed that veterinarians, AI-technicians, animal transporters and neighbours were often in direct contact with the animals or entered the stables and 8.8% of the repairmen were also in direct contact with animals, which was unexpected. In a multivariable analysis, species, herd size and season were significantly associated with the number of professional visitors as well as the number of visitors in direct contact with the animals. Conclusion: In conclusion there was a large variation between farms in the number and type of contacts. The number of visitors that may be more likely to spread diseases between farms was associated with animal species and herd size.	-20.87311363220215	-39.73731231689453	2
A systematic review and evaluation of Zika virus forecasting and prediction research during a public health emergency of international concern Kobres P. INTRODUCTION: Epidemic forecasting and prediction tools have the potential to provide actionable information in the midst of emerging epidemics. While numerous predictive studies were published during the 2016-2017 Zika Virus (ZIKV) pandemic, it remains unknown how timely, reproducible and actionable the information produced by these studies was. METHODS: To improve the functional use of mathematical modeling in support of future infectious disease outbreaks, we conducted a systematic review of all ZIKV prediction studies published during the recent ZIKV pandemic using the PRISMA guidelines. Using MEDLINE, EMBASE and grey literature review, we identified studies that forecasted, predicted or simulated ecological or epidemiological phenomenon related to the Zika pandemic that were published as of March 01, 2017. Eligible studies underwent evaluation of objectives, data sources, methods, timeliness, reproducibility, accessibility and clarity by independent reviewers. RESULTS: studies were identified, of which n = met eligibility criteria. Spatial spread, R (basic reproductive number) and epidemic dynamics were most commonly predicted, with few studies predicting Guillain-40 Barré Syndrome burden (4%), sexual transmission risk (4%) and intervention impact (4%). Most studies specifically examined populations in the Americas (52%), with few African-specific studies (4%). Case count (67%), vector (41%) and demographic data (37%) were the most common data sources. Real-time internet data and pathogen genomic information were used in 7% and 0% of studies, respectively, and social science and behavioral data were typically absent in modeling efforts. Deterministic models were favored over stochastic approaches. Forty percent of studies made model data entirely available, 29% provided all relevant model code, 43% presented uncertainty in all predictions and 54% provided sufficient methodological detail allowing complete reproducibility. Fifty-one percent of predictions were published after the epidemic peak in the Americas. While the use of preprints improved the accessibility of ZIKV predictions by a median days sooner than journal publication dates, they were used in only 30% of studies. CONCLUSIONS: Many ZIKV predictions were published during the 2016-2017 pandemic. The accessibility, reproducibility, timeliness, and incorporation of uncertainty in these published predictions varied and indicates that there is substantial room for improvement. To enhance the utility of analytical tools for outbreak response, it is essential to improve the sharing of model data, code, and preprints for future outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics. Author summary: Researchers published many studies which sought to predict and forecast important features of Zika virus (ZIKV) infections and their spread during the 2016-2017 ZIKV pandemic. We conducted a comprehensive review of such ZIKV prediction studies and evaluated their aims, the data sources they used, which methods were used, how timely they were published, and whether they provided sufficient information to be used or reproduced by others. Of the studies evaluated, we found that the accessibility, reproducibility, timeliness, and incorporation of uncertainty in these published predictions varied and indicates that there is substantial room for improvement. We identified that the release of study findings before formal journal publication ('pre-prints') increased the timeliness of Zika prediction studies, but	-26.40565299987793	-23.448986053466797	2
A transmissible RNA pathway in honey bees. Honey bees are eusocial insects, living in a colony that is often described as a superorganism. RNA mobility among cells of an organism has been documented in plants and animals. Here we show that RNA spreads further in honey bees, and is horizontally transferred between individuals and across generations. We found that honey bees share biologically active RNA through secretion and ingestion of worker and royal jellies. Such RNA initiates RNA interference, which is a known defense mechanism against viral infection. Furthermore, we characterized diverse RNA profiles of worker and royal jelly, including fragmented viral RNA. Our findings demonstrate a transmissible RNA pathway with potential roles in social immunity and epigenetic signaling among members of the hive. One of the characteristics of RNA interference (RNAi) is systemic spread of the silencing signal among cells and tissues throughout the organism. Systemic RNAi, initiated by double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) ingestion, has been reported in diverse invertebrates, including honey bees, demonstrating environmental RNA uptake that undermines homologous gene expression. However, the question why any organism would take up RNA from the environment has remained largely unanswered. Here, we report on horizontal RNA flow among honey bees mediated by secretion and ingestion of worker and royal jelly diets. We show that ingested dsRNA spreads through the bee's hemolymph associated with a protein complex. The systemic dsRNA is secreted with the jelly and delivered to larvae via ingestion. Furthermore, we demonstrate that transmission of jelly-secreted dsRNA to larvae is biologically active and triggers gene knockdown that lasts into adulthood. Finally, RNA extracted from worker and royal jellies harbor differential naturally occurring RNA populations. Some of these RNAs corresponded to honey bee protein coding genes, transposable elements, non-coding RNA as well as bacteria, fungi and viruses. These results reveal an inherent property of honey bees to share RNA among individuals and generations. Thus, our findings suggest a transmissible RNA pathway, playing a role in social immunity and epigenetic signaling between honey bees and potentially among other closely interacting organisms.	-16.363454818725586	18.351566314697266	8
ACE2 Expression in Kidney and Testis May Cause Kidney and Testis Damage After 2019-nCoV Infection. In December and January 2020, novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) -infected pneumonia (NCIP) occurred in Wuhan, and has already posed a serious threat to public health. ACE2 (Angiotensin Converting Enzyme 2) has been shown to be one of the major receptors that mediate the entry of 2019-nCoV into human cells, which also happens in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS). Several researches have indicated that some patients have abnormal renal function or even kidney damage in addition to injury in respiratory system, and the related mechanism is unknown. This arouses our interest in whether coronavirus infection will affect the urinary and male reproductive systems. Here in this study, we used the online datasets to analyze ACE2 expression in different human organs. The results indicate that ACE2 highly expresses in renal tubular cells, Leydig cells and cells in seminiferous ducts in testis. Therefore, virus might directly bind to such ACE2 positive cells and damage the kidney and testicular tissue of patients. Our results indicate that renal function evaluation and special care should be performed in 2019-nCoV patients during clinical work, because of the kidney damage caused by virus and antiviral drugs with certain renal toxicity. In addition, due to the potential pathogenicity of the virus to testicular tissues, clinicians should pay attention to the risk of testicular lesions in patients during hospitalization and later clinical follow-up, especially the assessment and appropriate intervention in young patients' fertility.	5.617607116699219	3.5784413814544678	7
ACE2 expression by colonic epithelial cells is associated with viral infection, immunity and energy metabolism. Respiratory disease caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia first emerged in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, in December and spread rapidly to other provinces and other countries. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) is the receptor for SARS-CoV and has been suggested to be also the receptor for 2019-nCoV. Paradoxically, ACE2	7.277065277099609	5.7856125831604	4
ADJUSTED AGE-SPECIFIC CASE FATALITY RATIO DURING THE COVID-19 EPIDEMIC IN HUBEI, CHINA. The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) epidemic that originated in Wuhan, China has spread to more than countries. We estimated the age-specific case fatality ratio (CFR) by fitting a transmission model to data from China, accounting for underreporting of cases and the time delay to death. Overall CFR among all infections was 1.6% (1.4-1.8%) and increased considerably for the elderly, highlighting the expected burden for populations with further expansion of the COVID-19 epidemic around the globe.	-9.684855461120605	-35.57192611694336	3
AMS 3.0: prediction of post-translational modifications. Background: We present here the recent update of AMS algorithm for identification of post-translational modification (PTM) sites in proteins based only on sequence information, using artificial neural network (ANN) method. The query protein sequence is dissected into overlapping short sequence segments. Ten different physicochemical features describe each amino acid; therefore nine residues long segment is represented as a point in a dimensional space. The database of sequence segments with confirmed by experiments post-translational modification sites are used for training a set of ANNs. The efficiency of the classification for each type of modification and the prediction power of the method is estimated here using recall (sensitivity), precision values, the area under receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves and leave-one-out tests (LOOCV). The significant differences in the performance for differently optimized neural networks are observed, yet the AMS 3.0 tool integrates those heterogeneous classification schemes into the single consensus scheme, and it is able to boost the precision and recall values independent of a PTM type in comparison with the currently available state-of-the art methods. The standalone version of AMS 3.0 presents an efficient way to indentify post-translational modifications for whole proteomes. The training datasets, precompiled binaries for AMS 3.0 tool and the source code are available at Additional file Supplementary materials for the publication. Supplementary.xls contains detailed results of training and testing of AMS 3.0 tool in MS Excel file format. Additional file PTM predictor software with training data. PTM_Archive.tar.gz includes the predictor software binaries together with all trained ANNs in tar.gz compressed form.	-13.232573509216309	-1.1895595788955688	6
ARTICLE A polyvalent inactivated rhinovirus vaccine is broadly immunogenic in rhesus macaques. As the predominant aetiological agent of the common cold, human rhinovirus (HRV) is the leading cause of human infectious disease. Early studies showed that a monovalent formalin-inactivated HRV vaccine can be protective, and virus-neutralizing antibodies (nAb) correlated with protection. However, co-circulation of many HRV types discouraged further vaccine efforts. Here, we test the hypothesis that increasing virus input titres in polyvalent inactivated HRV vaccine may result in broad nAb responses. We show that serum nAb against many rhinovirus types can be induced by polyvalent, inactivated HRVs plus alhydrogel (alum) adjuvant. Using formulations up to 25-valent in mice and 50-valent in rhesus macaques, HRV vaccine immunogenicity was related to sufficient quantity of input antigens, and valency was not a major factor for potency or breadth of the response. Thus, we have generated a vaccine capable of inducing nAb responses to numerous and diverse HRV types.	22.021272659301758	18.22829246520996	10
ARTICLE Cryo-EM structures of MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV spike glycoproteins reveal the dynamic receptor binding domains. The envelope spike (S) proteins of MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV determine the virus host tropism and entry into host cells, and constitute a promising target for the development of prophylactics and therapeutics. Here, we present high-resolution structures of the trimeric MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV S proteins in its pre-fusion conformation by single particle cryo-electron microscopy. The overall structures resemble that from other coronaviruses including HKU1, MHV and NL63 reported recently, with the exception of the receptor binding domain (RBD). We captured two states of the RBD with receptor binding region either buried (lying state) or exposed (standing state), demonstrating an inherently flexible RBD readily recognized by the receptor. Further sequence conservation analysis of six human-infecting coronaviruses revealed that the fusion peptide, HR1 region and the central helix are potential targets for eliciting broadly neutralizing antibodies.	7.203830242156982	16.92828369140625	4
Absence of CCR5 increases neutrophil recruitment in severe herpetic encephalitis. Background: The neuroinflammatory response aimed at clearance of herpes simplex virus-1 (HSV-1) plays a key role in the pathogenesis of neuroaxonal damage in herpetic encephalitis. Leukocytes activated in an adaptive immune response access brain tissue by passing through the blood-brain barrier. The chemokine CCL5/RANTES is involved in recruitment of these cells to the brain acting via the receptors CCR1, CCR3 and mainly CCR5. Here, we evaluated the role of CCR5 on traffic of leukocytes in the brain microvasculature, cellular and cytokines profile in a severe form of herpetic encephalitis. Results: Wild type and mice lacking CCR5 (CCR5 -/-) were inoculated intracerebrally with PFU of neurotropic HSV-1. We evaluated the traffic of leukocytes in the brain microvasculature using intravital microscopy and the profile of cytokines by Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay at day post infection. Flow cytometry and histopathological analyses were also carried out in brain tissue. Absence of CCR5 leads to lower viral load and an increased leukocyte adhesion in brain microvasculature, predominantly of neutrophils (CD11 + Ly6G + cells). Moreover, there was a significant increase in the levels of MIP-1/CCL2, RANTES/CCL5, KC/CXCL1 and MIG/CXCL9 in the brain of infected CCR5 -/mice. Conclusions: These results suggest that the absence of CCR5 may boost the immune response with a high neutrophil recruitment which most likely helps in viral clearance. Nonetheless, the elevated immune response may be detrimental to the host.	8.52841567993164	37.86924743652344	0
Abstract The positive stranded RNA genomes of picornaviruses comprise a single large open reading frame flanked by 5′ and 3′ untranslated regions (UTRs). Foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) has an unusually large 5′ UTR (1.3 kb) containing five structural domains. These include the internal ribosome entry site (IRES), which facilitates initiation of translation, and the cis-acting replication element (cre). Less well characterised structures are a 5′ terminal nucleotide stem-loop, a variable length poly-C-tract of approximately 100-200 nucleotides and a series of two to four tandemly repeated pseudoknots (PKs). We investigated the structures of the PKs by selective 2′ hydroxyl acetylation analysed by primer extension (SHAPE) analysis and determined their contribution to genome replication by mutation and deletion experiments. SHAPE and mutation experiments confirmed the importance of the previously predicted PK structures for their function. Deletion experiments showed that although PKs are not essential for replication, they provide genomes with a competitive advantage. However, although replicons and full-length genomes lacking all PKs were replication competent, no infectious virus was rescued from genomes containing less than one PK copy. This is consistent with our earlier report describing the presence of putative packaging signals in the PK region.	-6.1704535484313965	23.484846115112305	8
Accurate Identification of SARS-CoV-2 from Viral Genome Sequences using Deep Learning. One of the reasons for the fast spread of SARS-CoV-2 is the lack of accuracy in detection tools in the clinical field. Molecular techniques, such as quantitative real-time RT-PCR and nucleic acid sequencing methods, are widely used to identify pathogens. For this particular virus, however, they have an overall unsatisfying detection rate, due to its relatively recent emergence and still not completely understood features. In addition, SARS-CoV-2 is remarkably similar to other Coronaviruses, and it can present with other respiratory infections, making identification even harder. To tackle this issue, we propose an assisted detection test, combining molecular testing with deep learning. The proposed approach employs a state-of-the-art deep convolutional neural network, able to automatically create features starting from the genome sequence of the virus. Experiments on data from the Novel Coronavirus Resource (2019nCoVR) show that the proposed approach is able to correctly classify SARS-CoV-2, distinguishing it from other coronavirus strains, such as MERS-CoV, HCoV-NL63, HCoV-OC43, HCoV-229E, HCoV-HKU1, and SARS-CoV regardless of missing information and errors in sequencing (noise). From a dataset of complete genome non-repeated sequences that vary from 1,260 to 31,029 bps in length, the proposed approach classifies the different coronaviruses with an average ac-: bioRxiv preprint curacy of 98.75% in a 10-fold cross-validation, identifying SARS-CoV-2 with an AUC of 98%, specificity of 0.9939 and sensitivity of 1.00 in a binary classification. Then, using the same basis, we classify SARS-CoV-2 from complete viral genome sequences with human host, that contain the gene ORF1ab from the NCBI with a 10-fold accuracy of 98.17% , a specificity of 0.9797 and sensitivity of 1.00. These preliminary results seem encouraging enough to identify deep learning as a promising research venue to develop assisted detection tests for SARS-CoV-2. At this end the interaction between viromics and deep learning, will hopefully help to solve global infection problems. In addition, we offer our code and processed data to be used for diagnostic purposes by medical doctors, virologists and scientists involved in solving the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. As more data become available we will update our system.	-2.9566702842712402	0.6976431608200073	6
Accurate prediction of human essential genes using only nucleotide composition and association information. Three groups recently identified essential genes in human cancer cell lines using wet experiments, and these genes are of high values. Herein, we improved the widely used Z curve method by creating a λ -interval Z curve, which considered interval association information. With this method and recursive feature elimination technology, a computational model was developed to predict human gene essentiality. The 5-fold cross-validation test based on our benchmark dataset obtained an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.8814. For the rigorous jackknife test, the AUC score was 0.8854. These results demonstrated that the essentiality of human genes could be reliably reflected by only sequence information. However, previous classifiers in three eukaryotes can gave satisfactory prediction only combining sequence with other features. It is also demonstrated that although the information contributed by interval association is less than adjacent nucleotides, this information can still play an independent role. Integrating the interval information into adjacent ones can significantly improve our classifier's prediction capacity. We re-predicted the benchmark negative dataset by Pheg server and genes were additionally predicted as essential. Among them, were found to be homologues in mouse essential genes, indicating that at least a part of the genes were indeed essential, however previous experiments overlooked them. As the first available server, Pheg could predict essentiality for anonymous gene sequences of human. It is also hoped the λ -interval Z curve method could be effectively extended to classification issues of other DNA	-13.456995964050293	0.9055685997009277	6
Activation and Role of nACHT, LRR, and PYD Domains-Containing Protein inflammasome in RnA viral infection. NACHT, LRR, and PYD domains-containing protein (NLRP3) inflammasome activation and effects during ribonucleic acid (RNA) viral infection are the focus of a wide range of research currently. Both the pathogen-associated molecule pattern derived from virions and intracellular stress molecules involved in the process of viral infection lead to activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome, which in turn triggers inflammatory responses for antiviral defense and tissue healing. However, aberrant activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome can instead support viral pathogenesis and promote disease progression. Here, we summarize and expound upon the recent literature describing the molecular mechanisms underlying the activation and effects of the NLRP3 inflammasome in RNA viral infection to highlight how it provides protection against RNA viral infection.	3.5372908115386963	36.505977630615234	0
Activation of P2X Receptor by ATP Plays an Important Role in Regulating Inflammatory Responses during Acute Viral Infection. Acute viral infection causes damages to the host due to uncontrolled viral replication but even replication deficient viral vectors can induce systemic inflammatory responses. Indeed, overactive host innate immune responses to viral vectors have led to devastating consequences. Macrophages are important innate immune cells that recognize viruses and induce inflammatory responses at the early stage of infection. However, tissue resident macrophages are not easily activated by the mere presence of virus suggesting that their activation requires additional signals from other cells in the tissue in order to trigger inflammatory responses. Previously, we have shown that the cross-talk between epithelial cells and macrophages generates synergistic inflammatory responses during adenoviral vector infection. Here, we investigated whether ATP is involved in the activation of macrophages to induce inflammatory responses during an acute adenoviral infection. Using a macrophage-epithelial cell co-culture system we demonstrated that ATP signaling through P2X receptor (P2X R) is required for induction of inflammatory mediators. We also showed that ATP-P2X R signaling regulates inflammasome activation as inhibition or deficiency of P2X R as well as caspase-1 significantly reduced IL-1b secretion. Furthermore, we found that intranasal administration of replication deficient adenoviral vectors in mice caused a high mortality in wild-type mice with symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome but the mice deficient in P2X R or caspase-1 showed increased survival. In addition, wild-type mice treated with apyrase or inhibitors of P2X R or caspase-1 showed higher rates of survival. The improved survival in the P2X R deficient mice correlated with diminished levels of IL-1b and IL-6 and reduced neutrophil infiltration in the early phase of infection. These results indicate that ATP, released during viral infection, is an important inflammatory regulator that activates the inflammasome pathway and regulates inflammatory responses.	6.888550758361816	36.84025192260742	0
Activation of the Unfolded Protein Response Is Required for Defenses against Bacterial Pore-Forming Toxin In Vivo. Pore-forming toxins (PFTs) constitute the single largest class of proteinaceous bacterial virulence factors and are made by many of the most important bacterial pathogens. Host responses to these toxins are complex and poorly understood. We find that the endoplasmic reticulum unfolded protein response (UPR) is activated upon exposure to PFTs both in Caenorhabditis elegans and in mammalian cells. Activation of the UPR is protective in vivo against PFTs since animals that lack either the ire-1xbp-1 or the atf-6 arms of the UPR are more sensitive to PFT than wild-type animals. The UPR acts directly in the cells targeted by the PFT. Loss of the UPR leads to a normal response against unrelated toxins or a pathogenic bacterium, indicating its PFTprotective role is specific. The p38 mitogen-activated protein (MAPK) kinase pathway has been previously shown to be important for cellular defenses against PFTs. We find here that the UPR is one of the key downstream targets of the p38 MAPK pathway in response to PFT since loss of a functional p38 MAPK pathway leads to a failure of PFT to properly activate the ire-1xbp-1 arm of the UPR. The UPR-mediated activation and response to PFTs is distinct from the canonical UPR-mediated response to unfolded proteins both in terms of its activation and functional sensitivities. These data demonstrate that the UPR, a fundamental intracellular pathway, can operate in intrinsic cellular defenses against bacterial attack.	3.0907528400421143	34.84101867675781	0
Active or latent tuberculosis increases susceptibility to COVID-19 and disease severity. medRxiv preprint SARS-CoV-2 infection. Patients with active or latent TB were more susceptible to SARS-CoV-2, and COVID-19 symptom development and progression were more rapid and severe. Meaning: Tuberculosis status should be assessed carefully at patient admission and management and therapeutic strategies adjusted accordingly to prevent rapid development of severe COVID-19 complications. Importance: Risk factors associated with COVID-19, the viral pneumonia originating in Wuhan, China, in Dec 2019, require clarification so that medical resources can be prioritized for those at highest risk of severe COVID-19 complications. Infection with M. tuberculosis (MTB), the pathogen that causes TB and latently infects ~25% of the global population, may be a risk factor for SARS-CoV-2 infection and severe COVID-19 pneumonia. Objective: To determine if latent or active TB increase susceptibility to SARS-COV-19 infection and disease severity, and lead to more rapid development of COVID-19 pneumonia.	18.426738739013672	9.03516674041748	1
Acute Myocardial Injury of Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019. China, respiratory manifestations of the disease have been observed. However, as a fatal comorbidity, acute myocardial injury (AMI) in COVID-19 patients has not been previously investigated in detail. We investigated the clinical characteristics of COVID-19 patients with AMI and determined the risk factors for AMI in them. We analyzed data from consecutive laboratory-confirmed and hospitalized COVID-19 patients (28 men, women; age, 19-81 years). We collected information on epidemiological and demographic characteristics, clinical features, routine laboratory tests (including cardiac injury biomarkers), echocardiography, electrocardiography, imaging findings, management methods, and clinical outcomes. Results: Cardiac complications were found in of the (79.25%) patients: tachycardia (n=15), electrocardiography abnormities (n=11), diastolic dysfunction (n=20), elevated myocardial enzymes (n=30), and AMI (n=6). All the six AMI patients were aged >60 years; five of them had two or more underlying comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease). Novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) severity was higher in the AMI patients than in patients with non-definite AMI (p<0.001). All the AMI patients required care in intensive care unit; of them, three died, two remain hospitalized. Multivariate analyses showed that C-reactive protein (CRP) levels, NCP severity, and underlying comorbidities were the risk factors for cardiac abnormalities in COVID-19 patients. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	15.533381462097168	-20.33884620666504	7
Acute care utilization due to hospitalizations for pediatric lower respiratory tract infections in British Columbia, Canada. Background: Pediatric LRTI hospitalizations are a significant burden on patients, families, and healthcare systems. This study determined the burden of pediatric LRTIs on hospital settings in British Columbia and the benefits of prevention strategies as they relate to healthcare resource demand. Methods: LRTI inpatient episodes for patients <19 years of age during 2008-2010 were extracted from the BC Discharge Abstract Database. The annual number of acute care beds required to treat pediatric LRTIs was estimated. Sub-analyses determined the burden due to infants <1 year of age and high-risk infants. Population projections were used to forecast LRTI hospitalizations and the effectiveness of public health initiatives to reduce the incidence of LRTIs to and 2030. Results: During 2008-2010, LRTI as the primary diagnosis accounted for 32.0 and 75.9% hospitalizations for diseases of the respiratory system in children <19 years of age and infants <1 year of age, respectively. Infants <1 year of age accounted for and 77% hospitalizations due to pediatric LRTIs and pediatric LRTI hospitalizations specifically due to respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), respectively. The average length of stay was 3.1 days for otherwise healthy infants <1 year of age and 9.1 days for high-risk infants (P <0.0001). 73.1% pediatric LRTI hospitalizations occurred between November and April. Over the study timeframe, 19.6 acute care beds were required on average to care for pediatric LRTIs which increased to 64.0 beds at the peak of LRTI hospitalizations. Increases in LRTI bed-days of 5.5 and 16.2% among <19 year olds by and 2030, respectively, were predicted. Implementation of appropriate prevention strategies could cause and less LRTI hospitalizations in <19 year olds in and 2030, respectively. Conclusion: Pediatric LRTI hospitalizations require significant use of acute care infrastructure particularly between November and April. Population projections show the burden may increase in the next years, but implementation of effective public health prevention strategies may contribute to reducing the acute care demand and to supporting efforts for overall pediatric healthcare sustainability.	16.98691749572754	-25.197834014892578	2
Adaptation of novel H7N9 influenza A virus to human receptors. The emergence of the novel H7N9 influenza A virus (IAV) has caused global concerns about the ability of this virus to spread between humans. Analysis of the receptor-binding properties of this virus using a recombinant protein approach in combination with fetuin-binding, glycan array and human tissue-binding assays demonstrates increased binding of H7 to both a2-6 and a2-8 sialosides as well as reduced binding to a2-3-linked SIAs compared to a closely related avian H7N9 virus from 2008. These differences could be attributed to substitutions Q226L and G186V. Analysis of the enzymatic activity of the neuraminidase N9 protein indicated a reduced sialidase activity, consistent with the reduced binding of H7 to a2-3 sialosides. However, the novel H7N9 virus still preferred binding to a2-3over a2-6-linked SIAs and was not able to efficiently bind to epithelial cells of human trachea in contrast to seasonal IAV, consistent with its limited human-to-human transmission.	-7.028182506561279	38.763145446777344	4
Adaptive Estimation for Epidemic Renewal and Phylogenetic Skyline Models. Estimating temporal changes in a target population from phylogenetic or count data is an important problem in ecology and epidemiology. Reliable estimates can provide key insights into the climatic and biological drivers influencing the diversity or structure of that population and evidence hypotheses concerning its future growth or decline. In infectious disease applications, the individuals infected across an epidemic form the target population. The renewal model estimates the effective reproduction number, R, of the epidemic from counts of its observed cases. The skyline model infers the effective population size, N, underlying a phylogeny of sequences sampled from that epidemic. Practically, R measures ongoing epidemic growth while N informs on historical caseload. While both models solve distinct problems, the reliability of their estimates depends on p-dimensional piecewise-constant functions. If p is misspecified, the model might underfit significant changes or overfit noise and promote a spurious understanding of the epidemic, which might misguide intervention policies or misinform forecasts. Surprisingly, no transparent yet principled approach for optimising p exists. Usually, p is heuristically set, or obscurely controlled via complex algorithms. We present a computable and interpretable p-selection method based on the minimum description length (MDL) formalism of information theory. Unlike many standard model selection techniques, MDL accounts for the additional statistical complexity induced by how parameters interact. As a result, our method optimises p so that R and N estimates properly adapt to the available data. It also outperforms comparable Akaike and Bayesian information criteria on several classification problems. Our approach requires some knowledge of the parameter space and exposes the similarities between renewal and skyline models.	-18.094392776489258	-13.405502319335938	5
Aerodynamic Characteristics and RNA Concentration of SARS-CoV-2 Aerosol in Wuhan Hospitals during COVID-19 Outbreak. The ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 has spread rapidly and sparked global concern. While the transmission of SARS-CoV-2 through human respiratory droplets and contact with infected persons is clear, the aerosol transmission of SARS-CoV-2 has been little studied. Methods: Thirty-five aerosol samples of three different types (total suspended particle, size segregated and deposition aerosol) were collected in Patient Areas (PAA) and Medical Staff Areas (MSA) of Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University (Renmin) and Wuchang Fangcang Field Hospital (Fangcang), and Public Areas (PUA) in Wuhan, China during COVID-19 outbreak. A robust droplet digital polymerase chain reaction (ddPCR) method was employed to quantitate the viral SARS-CoV-2 RNA genome and determine aerosol RNA concentration. The ICU, CCU and general patient rooms inside Renmin, patient hall inside Fangcang had undetectable or low airborne SARS-CoV-2 concentration but deposition samples inside ICU and air sample in Fangcang patient toilet tested positive. The airborne SARS-CoV-2 in Fangcang MSA had bimodal distribution with higher concentration than those in Renmin during the outbreak but turned negative after patients number reduced and rigorous sanitization implemented. PUA had undetectable airborne SARS-CoV-2 concentration but obviously increased with accumulating crowd flow. Room ventilation, open space, proper use and disinfection of toilet can effectively limit aerosol transmission of SARS-CoV-2. Gathering of crowds with asymptomatic carriers is a potential source of airborne SARS-CoV-2. The virus aerosol deposition on protective apparel or floor surface and their subsequent resuspension is a potential transmission pathway and effective sanitization is critical in minimizing aerosol transmission of SARS-CoV-2.	10.669330596923828	-11.234009742736816	1
Aerosol Generating Procedures and Risk of Transmission of Acute Respiratory Infections to Healthcare Workers: A Systematic Review. Aerosol generating procedures (AGPs) may expose health care workers (HCWs) to pathogens causing acute respiratory infections (ARIs), but the risk of transmission of ARIs from AGPs is not fully known. We sought to determine the clinical evidence for the risk of transmission of ARIs to HCWs caring for patients undergoing AGPs compared with the risk of transmission to HCWs caring for patients not undergoing AGPs. We searched PubMed, EMBASE, MEDLINE, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, University of York CRD databases, EuroScan, LILACS, Indian Medlars, Index Medicus for SE Asia, international health technology agencies and the Internet in all languages for articles from 01/01/1990 to 22/10/2010. Independent reviewers screened abstracts using pre-defined criteria, obtained full-text articles, selected relevant studies, and abstracted data. Disagreements were resolved by consensus. The outcome of interest was risk of ARI transmission. The quality of evidence was rated using the GRADE system. We identified case-control and retrospective cohort studies which evaluated transmission of SARS to HCWs. Procedures reported to present an increased risk of transmission included [n; pooled OR(95%CI)] tracheal intubation [n = cohort; 6.6 (2.3, 18.9), and n = case-control; 6.6 (4.1, 10.6)], non-invasive ventilation [n = cohort; OR 3.1(1.4, 6.8)], tracheotomy [n = case-control; 4.2 (1.5, 11.5)] and manual ventilation before intubation [n = cohort; OR 2.8 (1.3, 6.4)]. Other intubation associated procedures, endotracheal aspiration, suction of body fluids, bronchoscopy, nebulizer treatment, administration of O2, high flow O2, manipulation of O2 mask or BiPAP mask, defibrillation, chest compressions, insertion of nasogastric tube, and collection of sputum were not significant. Our findings suggest that some procedures potentially capable of generating aerosols have been associated with increased risk of SARS transmission to HCWs or were a risk factor for transmission, with the most consistent association across multiple studies identified with tracheal intubation.	20.20981216430664	-26.892410278320312	9
Alpha-ketoamides as broad-spectrum inhibitors of coronavirus and enterovirus replication Structure-based design, synthesis, and activity assessment. The main protease of coronaviruses and the 3C protease of enteroviruses share a similar active-site architecture and a unique requirement for glutamine in the P1 position of the substrate. Because of their unique specificity and essential role in viral polyprotein processing, these proteases are suitable targets for the development of antiviral drugs. In order to obtain nearequipotent, broad-spectrum antivirals against alphacoronaviruses, betacoronaviruses, and enteroviruses, we pursued structure-based design of peptidomimetic a-ketoamides as inhibitors of main and 3C proteases. Six crystal structures of protease:inhibitor complexes were determined as part of this study. Compounds synthesized were tested against the recombinant proteases as well as in viral replicons and virus-infected cell cultures; most of them were not cell-toxic. Optimization of the P2 substituent of the aketoamides proved crucial for achieving near-equipotency against the three virus genera. The best near-equipotent inhibitors, 11u (P2 = cyclopentylmethyl) and 11r (P2 = cyclohexylmethyl), display low-micromolar EC50 values against enteroviruses, alphacoronaviruses, and betacoronaviruses in cell cultures. In Huh7 cells, 11r exhibits three-digit picomolar activity against Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus. We chose the chemical class of peptidomimetic a-ketoamides to assess the feasibility of achieving antiviral drugs targeting coronaviruses and enteroviruses with near-equipotency. Here we describe the structure-based design, synthesis, and evaluation of inhibitory activity of a series of compounds with broad-spectrum activities afforded by studying the structure-activity relationships mainly with respect to the P2 position of the peptidomimetics. One of the compounds designed and synthesized exhibits excellent activity against MERS-CoV. RESULTS Our efforts to design novel a-ketoamides as broad-spectrum inhibitors of coronavirus M pro s and enterovirus 3C pro s started with a detailed analysis of the following crystal structures of unliganded target enzymes: SARS-CoV M pro (ref. 25-27; PDB entries 1UJ1, 2BX3, 2BX4); bat coronavirus HKU4 M pro as a surrogate for the closely related MERS-CoV protease (our unpublished work (Ma, Xiao et al. ; PDB entry 2YNA; see also ref. 27); HCoV-229E M pro (ref. 27,28; PDB entry: 1P9S); Coxsackievirus B3 3C pro (our unpublished work; Tan et al., PDB entry 3ZYD); enterovirus D68 3C pro (ref. 29; PDB entry: 3ZV8); and enterovirus A71 3C pro (ref. 30; PDB entry: 3SJK). During the course of the present study, we determined crystal structures of a number of lead a-ketoamide compounds in complex with SARS-CoV M pro , HCoV-NL63 M pro , and CVB3 3C pro , in support of the design of improvements in the next round of lead optimization. Notably, unexpected differences between alpha-and betacoronavirus M pro were found in this study. The structural foundation of these was elucidated in detail in a subproject involving the M pro of HCoV NL63; because of its volume, this work will be published separately (Zhang et al., in preparation) and only some selected findings are referred to here. The main protease of the newly discovered coronavirus linked to the Wuhan outbreak of respiratory illness is 96% identical (98% similar) in amino-acid sequence to that of SARS-CoV M pro (derived from the RNA genome of BetaCoV/Wuhan/IVDC-HB-01/2019, Genbank accession code: MN908947.2; last accessed on January 11, 2020), so all results reported here for inhibition of SARS-CoV will most likely also apply to the new virus.	5.071164131164551	16.024215698242188	4
Alphavirus nsP3 ADP-ribosylhydrolase Activity Disrupts Stress Granule Formation. Formation of stress granules (SGs), cytoplasmic condensates of stalled translation initiation complexes, is regulated by post-translational protein modification. Alphaviruses interfere with SG formation in response to inhibition of host protein synthesis through the activities of nonstructural protein (nsP3). nsP3 has a conserved N-terminal macrodomain that binds and can remove ADP-ribose from ADPribosylated proteins and a C-terminal hypervariable domain that binds essential SG component G3BP1. We showed that the hydrolase activity of chikungunya virus nsP3 macrodomain removed ADPribosylation of G3BP1 and suppressed SG formation. ADP-ribosylhydrolase-deficient nsP3 mutants allowed stress-induced cytoplasmic condensation of translation initiation factors. nsP3 also disassembled SG-like aggregates enriched with translation initiation factors that are induced by the expression of FUS mutant R495X linked to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Therefore, our data indicate that regulation of ADP-ribosylation controls the localization of translation initiation factors during virus infection and other pathological conditions. Non-membranous structures are prevalent in cells and critical for cellular functions, including RNA metabolism, embryonic cell fate specification, and neuronal activities [1] [2] [3] . Although the components of these non-membranous structures are often dynamically exchanged with the surrounding milieu, the compositions of these cellular structures remain distinct [4] . It is, however, unclear how individual components are selectively retained in these non-membranous structures. Stress granules (SGs), one of the best characterized dynamic non-membranous structures, are RNAprotein assemblies formed in response to a variety of environmental cues [3] . In most cases, these environmental cues activate stress-responsive protein kinases that phosphorylate the eukaryotic initiation factor alpha (eIF2α), resulting in the stalling of translation initiation [3] . The sudden influx of untranslated mRNAs is proposed to seed the formation of SGs, where the polynucleotide promotes local concentration of proteins through non-covalent binding [5] . These RNA-binding proteins are highly enriched with low-complexity regions, and emergent data indicate that the nonspecific, weak interactions between these regions are responsible for the condensation of proteins to form higherorder structures, such as microscopically visible SGs [6] [7] [8] . Depending on the type of stress, the composition of SGs could vary [9], but certain common components, such as Ras GTP-activating protein-binding proteins G3BP1/2, are essential for SG formation [10, 11] . Dysregulation of SG assembly/disassembly and mutations in the low-complexity region of specific SG proteins are implicated in the pathogenesis of diseases such as viral infection, cancer and neurodegeneration [1, [12] [13] [14] . Therefore, understanding the regulatory mechanisms of SG assembly is critical for designing novel therapeutics. SG assembly is regulated positively and negatively by post-translational modifications of proteins, including those that conjugate simple chemical groups (such as phosphorylation, O-GlcNAc glycosylation, methylation, acetylation), attach polypeptides (e.g., neddylation), and add nucleotides as in the case of ADP-ribosylation [15] [16] [17] [18] [19] [20] [21] . ADP-ribosylation refers to the addition of one or more ADP- ribose units onto proteins [22] [23] [24] . In humans, ADP-ribosylation is accomplished primarily by a family of ADP-ribosyltransferases, a subset of which is commonly known as poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases (PARPs) [22] [23] [24] . Polymers of ADP-ribose [i.e., poly(ADP-ribose or PAR], five PARPs and two isoforms of the degradative enzyme PAR glycohydrolase (PARG) have been identified in SGs, where selective SG proteins are 25, 26] . Overexpression of these PARPs and PARG isoforms induces and suppresses SG formation, respectively, while PARG knockdown delays SG disassembly [19, 25] . PAR, like RNA, has been proposed to seed formation of non-membranous structures by facilitating the high concentration of low complexity region-containing proteins locally through noncovalent binding to the repetitive monomeric units of the polymer [19, [25] [26] [27] [28] . The non-covalent PAR-protein interaction also facilitates the targeting of specific proteins to SGs [25, 26, 29] , such as TDP-43-a key protein involved in several neurodegenerative diseases, including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Such a targeting mechanism based on PAR-binding to protein is proposed to regulate TDP-43 localization and prevent the formation of pathological aggregates in ALS patients [25, 26] . Certain PARP inhibitors prevent the neurotoxicity in neuronal cells [26, 30] , suggesting that pharmacological modulation of PAR-mediated protein targeting could have potential therapeutic benefit. SG assembly and disassembly are tightly regulated during infection by many viruses, often reflecting cellular translation status [31][32][33][34]. In the early phase of infection, the presence of doublestranded viral RNAs activates protein kinase R (PKR), resulting in eIF2α phosphorylation, mRNA translation stalling and assembly of SGs enriched with translation factors [32,34]. Yet, many viruses disassemble SGs or suppress SG formation [32,34], but the mechanisms and the physiological roles remain largely unclear. For example, the mosquito-borne alphaviruses, which cause a range of diseases from rashes and arthritis to encephalitis, induce SG formation transiently in the early stage of infection, followed by disassembly [32,[34] [35] [36] . Previous studies have identified the alphaviral nonstructural protein (nsP3), a key factor for virus replication and virulence [37] [38] [39] , as able to suppress SG assembly [36, [40] [41] [42] . nsP3 is a tripartite protein composed of a highly conserved	-1.7721518278121948	30.300077438354492	8
Alston Virus, a Novel Paramyxovirus Isolated from Bats Causes Upper Respiratory Tract Infection in Experimentally Challenged Ferrets. Multiple viruses with zoonotic potential have been isolated from bats globally. Here we describe the isolation and characterization of a novel paramyxovirus, Alston virus (AlsPV), isolated from urine collected from an Australian pteropid bat colony in Alstonville, New South Wales. Characterization of AlsPV by whole-genome sequencing and analyzing antigenic relatedness revealed it is a rubulavirus that is closely related to parainfluenza virus (PIV5). Intranasal exposure of mice to AlsPV resulted in no clinical signs of disease, although viral RNA was detected in the olfactory bulbs of two mice at days post exposure. Oronasal challenge of ferrets resulted in subclinical upper respiratory tract infection, viral shedding in respiratory secretions, and detection of viral antigen in the olfactory bulb of the brain. These results imply that AlsPV may be similar to PIV5 in its ability to infect multiple mammalian host species. This isolation of a novel paramyxovirus with the potential to transmit from bats to other mammalian species reinforces the importance of continued surveillance of bats as a source of emerging viruses.	12.795682907104492	0.018928296864032745	10
Altered polarization of PAR-2 signaling during airway epithelial remodeling. Background: Protease-activated receptor (PAR-2) is activated by proteases involved in allergy and triggers airway epithelial secretion and inflammation. PAR-2 is normally expressed basolaterally in differentiated nasal ciliated cells. Objective: We tested if epithelial remodeling during diseases characterized by loss of cilia and squamous metaplasia may alter PAR-2 polarization. Methods: Endogenous PAR-2 responses were measured by live cell calcium and cilia imaging, measurement of fluid secretion, and quantification of cytokines. We utilized airway squamous cell lines, primary differentiated air-liquid interface cultures, and tissue explants. Cells were exposed to disease-related modifiers that alter epithelial morphology, including IL-13, cigarette smoke condensate, and retinoic acid deficiency. We used concentrations and exposure times that altered epithelial morphology without causing breakdown of the epithelial barrier, likely reflecting early disease states.	13.461487770080566	27.039255142211914	0
Amplicon based MinION sequencing of SARS-CoV-2 and metagenomic characterisation of nasopharyngeal swabs from patients with COVID-19. COVID-19 is a complex disease phenotype where the underlying microbiome could influence morbidity and mortality. Amplicon and metagenomic MinION based sequencing was used to rapidly (within hours) identify SARS-CoV-2 and assess the microbiome in nasopharyngeal swabs obtained from patients with COVID-19 by the ISARIC 4C consortium.	5.575707912445068	-1.3918750286102295	1
An Analysis on the Detection of Biological Contaminants Aboard Aircraft. The spread of infectious disease via commercial airliner travel is a significant and realistic threat. To shed some light on the feasibility of detecting airborne pathogens, a sensor integration study has been conducted and computational investigations of contaminant transport in an aircraft cabin have been performed. Our study took into consideration sensor sensitivity as well as the time-to-answer, size, weight and the power of best available commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) devices. We conducted computational fluid dynamics simulations to investigate three types of scenarios: (1) nominal breathing (up to breaths per minute) and coughing (20 times per hour); (2) nominal breathing and sneezing (4 times per hour); and (3) nominal breathing only. Each scenario was implemented with one or seven infectious passengers expelling air and sneezes or coughs at the stated frequencies. Scenario was implemented with two additional cases in which one infectious passenger expelled and sneezes per hour, respectively. All computations were based on minutes of sampling using specifications from a COTS aerosol collector and biosensor. Only biosensors that could provide an answer in under minutes without any manual preparation steps were included. The principal finding was that the steady-state bacteria concentrations in aircraft would be high enough to be detected in the case where seven infectious passengers are exhaling under scenarios and and where one infectious passenger is actively exhaling in scenario 2. Breathing alone failed to generate sufficient bacterial particles for detection, and none of the scenarios generated sufficient viral particles for detection to be feasible. These results suggest that more sensitive sensors than the COTS devices currently available and/or sampling of individual passengers would be needed for the detection of bacteria and viruses in aircraft.	-26.169349670410156	-18.615032196044922	2
An Effective CTL Peptide Vaccine for Ebola Zaire Based on Survivors' CD8+ Targeting of a Particular Nucleocapsid Protein Epitope with Potential Implications for COVID-19 Vaccine Design. The 2013-2016 West Africa EBOV epidemic was the biggest EBOV outbreak to date. An analysis of virus-specific CD8+ T-cell immunity in survivors showed that of those individuals had a CD8+ response to at least one EBOV protein. The dominant response (25/26 subjects) was specific to the EBOV nucleocapsid protein (NP). It has been suggested that epitopes on the EBOV NP could form an important part of an effective T-cell vaccine for Ebola Zaire. We show that a 9-amino-acid peptide NP44-52 (YQVNNLEEI) located in a conserved region of EBOV NP provides protection against morbidity and mortality after mouse adapted EBOV challenge. A single vaccination in a C57BL/6	20.411272048950195	19.288055419921875	10
An amino acid motif in HLA-DRβ1 distinguishes patients with uveitis in juvenile idiopathic arthritis. Uveitis is a visually-debilitating disorder that affects up to 30% of children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). To identify genetic susceptibility loci for uveitis in JIA, we conducted a genome-wide association study comparing JIA-associated uveitis cases with JIA individuals without uveitis. Two cohorts of JIA patients underwent genotyping and quality control. We used an HLA-specific imputation panel to impute HLA-specific amino acids and HLA types, and identified the amino acid serine at position (serine-11) in HLA-DRB1 as associated to increased risk of uveitis (OR = 2.60, p = 5.43 x -10 ). The signal at serine-11 was female-specific (interaction of sex and serine-11, p = 0.0096). Serine-11 resides in the YST-motif (positions 10-12) in the peptide binding groove of HLA-DRB1. Quantitative binding affinity predictions revealed peptide-binding preferences that distinguish HLA-DRB1 allotypes with the YST-motif. Our findings highlight a genetically distinct, sexually-dimorphic feature of JIA-associated uveitis.	-14.894410133361816	6.492042541503906	11
An anti-Gn glycoprotein antibody from a convalescent patient potently inhibits the infection of severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus. Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS) is an emerging infectious disease localized to China, Japan, and Korea that is characterized by severe hemorrhage and a high fatality rate. Currently, no specific vaccine or treatment has been approved for this disease. To develop a therapeutic agent for SFTS, we isolated antibodies from a phage-27 displayed antibody library that was constructed from a patient who recovered from SFTS virus (SFTSV) infection. One antibody, designated as Ab10, was reactive to the Gn envelope glycoprotein of SFTSV and protected host cells and A129 mice from infection in both in vitro and in vivo experiments. Notably, Ab10 protected 80% of mice, even when injected days after inoculation with a lethal dose of SFTSV. Using cross-linker assisted mass spectrometry and alanine scanning, we located the non-linear epitope of Ab10 on the Gn glycoprotein domain II and an unstructured stem region, suggesting that Ab10 may inhibit a conformational alteration that is critical for cell membrane fusion between the virus and host cell. Ab10 reacted to recombinant Gn glycoprotein in Gangwon/Korea/2012, HB28, and SD4 strains. Additionally, based on its epitope, we predict that Ab10 binds the Gn glycoprotein in of reported SFTSV isolates previously reported. Together, these data suggest that Ab10 has potential to be developed into a therapeutic agent that could protect against more than 90% of reported SFTSV isolates.	18.120763778686523	18.701004028320312	10
An anti-Gn glycoprotein antibody from a convalescent patient potently inhibits the infection of severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus. Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS) is an emerging infectious disease localized to China, Japan, and Korea that is characterized by severe hemorrhage and a high fatality rate. Currently, no specific vaccine or treatment has been approved for this disease. To develop a therapeutic agent for SFTS, we isolated antibodies from a phage-displayed antibody library that was constructed from a patient who recovered from SFTS virus (SFTSV) infection. One antibody, designated as Ab10, was reactive to the Gn envelope glycoprotein of SFTSV and protected host cells and A129 mice from infection in both in vitro and in vivo experiments. Notably, Ab10 protected 80% of mice, even when injected days after inoculation with a lethal dose of SFTSV. Using cross-linker assisted mass spectrometry and alanine scanning, we located the non-linear epitope of Ab10 on the Gn glycoprotein domain II and an unstructured stem region, suggesting that Ab10 may inhibit a conformational alteration that is critical for cell membrane fusion between the virus and host cell. Ab10 reacted to recombinant Gn glycoprotein in Gangwon/Korea/2012, HB28, and SD4 strains. Additionally, based on its epitope, we predict that Ab10 binds the Gn glycoprotein in of SFTSV isolates previously reported. Together, these data suggest that Ab10 has potential to be developed into a therapeutic agent that could protect against more than 90% of reported SFTSV isolates.	18.125837326049805	18.707674026489258	10
An anti-cancer binary system activated by bacteriophage HK022 Integrase. Cancer gene therapy is a great promising tool for cancer therapeutics due to the specific targeting based on the cancerous gene expression background. Binary systems based on sitespecific recombination are one of the most effective potential approaches for cancer gene therapy. In these systems, a cancer specific promoter expresses a site-specific recombinase/integrase that in turn controls the expression of a toxin gene. In the current study, we have developed a new HK022 bacteriophage Integrase (Int) based binary system activating a Diphtheria toxin (DTA) gene expression specifically in cancer cells. We have demonstrated the efficiency, and the high specificity of the system in vitro in cell cultures and in vivo in a lung cancer mouse model. Strikingly, different apoptotic and anti-apoptotic factors demonstrated a remarkable efficacy killing capability of the Int-based binary system compared to the conventional hTERT-DTA mono system in the LLC-Kat lung cancer mice model; we observed that the active hTERT promoter down regulation by the transcription factors Mad-1 is the cornerstone of this phenomenon. The new Int-based binary system offers advantages over already known counterparts and may therefore be developed into a safer and efficient cancer treatment technology.	20.725955963134766	28.849658966064453	11
An emergent clade of SARS-CoV-2 linked to returned travellers from Iran Corresponding Authors. The SARS-CoV-2 epidemic has rapidly spread outside China with major outbreaks occurring in Italy, South Korea and Iran. Phylogenetic analyses of whole genome sequencing data identified a distinct SARS-CoV-2 clade linked to travellers returning from Iran to Australia and New Zealand. This study highlights potential viral diversity driving the epidemic in Iran, and underscores the power of rapid genome sequencing and public data sharing to improve the detection and management of emerging infectious diseases.	10.527152061462402	3.6836888790130615	1
An epidemiological forecast model and software assessing interventions on COVID-19 epidemic in China. We develop a health informatics toolbox that enables public health workers to timely analyze and evaluate the time-course dynamics of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) infection using the public available data from the China CDC. This toolbox is built upon a hierarchical epidemiological model in which two observed time series of daily proportions of infected and removed cases are emitted from the underlying infection dynamics governed by a Markov SIR infectious disease process. We extend the SIR model to incorporate various types of time-varying quarantine protocols, including government-level macro isolation policies and community-level micro inspection measures. We develop a calibration procedure for under-reported infected cases. This toolbox provides forecast, in both online and offline forms, of turning points of interest, including the time when daily infected proportion becomes smaller than the previous ones and the time when daily infected proportions becomes smaller than that of daily removed proportion, as well as the ending time of the epidemic. An R software is made available for the public, and examples on the use of this software are illustrated. Some possible extensions of our novel epidemiological models are discussed.	-8.495038032531738	-18.689067840576172	3
An infectious way to teach students about outbreaks A R T I C L E I N F O. The study of infectious disease outbreaks is required to train today's epidemiologists. A typical way to introduce and explain key epidemiological concepts is through the analysis of a historical outbreak. There are, however, few training options that explicitly utilise real-time simulated stochastic outbreaks where the participants themselves comprise the dataset they subsequently analyse. In this paper, we present a teaching exercise in which an infectious disease outbreak is simulated over a five-day period and subsequently analysed. We iteratively developed the teaching exercise to offer additional insight into analysing an outbreak. An R package for visualisation, analysis and simulation of the outbreak data was developed to accompany the practical to reinforce learning outcomes. Computer simulations of the outbreak revealed deviations from observed dynamics, highlighting how simplifying assumptions conventionally made in mathematical models often differ from reality. Here we provide a pedagogical tool for others to use and adapt in their own settings.	-19.858964920043945	-13.649163246154785	5
An interaction network of RNA-binding proteins involved in Drosophila oogenesis Running title: Interactome of RNA Binding Proteins from Drosophila ovaries. bioRxiv preprint Interactome of RNA Binding Proteins from Drosophila ovaries Abbreviations used EGFP enhanced green fluorescent protein eIF eukaryotic initiation factor EJC exon junction complex FDR false discovery rate GO gene ontology HA Hemagglutinin hnRNP heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins IP immunoprecipitation LFQ label-free quantification MBP maltose-binding protein mRNP messenger ribonucleoprotein NMD nonsense-mediated decay PFA paraformaldehyde piRNA piwi-interacting RNA RBP RNA-binding proteins SILAC stable isotope labeling with amino acids UAS upstream activating sequence During Drosophila oogenesis, the localization and translational regulation of maternal transcripts relies on RNA-binding proteins (RBPs). Many of these RBPs localize several mRNAs and may have additional direct interaction partners to regulate their functions. Using immunoprecipitation from whole Drosophila ovaries coupled to mass spectrometry, we examined protein-protein associations of GFP-tagged RBPs expressed at physiological levels. Analysis of the interaction network and further validation in human cells allowed us to identify previously unknown associations, besides recovering several well characterized interactions. We identified interactions between RBPs and several splicing factors, providing links between nuclear and cytoplasmic events of mRNA regulation. Additionally, components of the translational and RNA decay machineries were selectively co-purified with some baits, suggesting a mechanism for how RBPs may regulate maternal transcripts. Given the evolutionary conservation of the studied RBPs, the interaction network presented here provides the foundation for future functional and structural studies of mRNA localization across metazoans. : bioRxiv preprint Interactome of RNA Binding Proteins from Drosophila ovaries consistent with the role of their mammalian homologs (38, 50-52). During early oogenesis, both Vas and Nos are involved in the maintenance of germline stem cells, in oocyte differentiation and other aspects of oocyte development (26, 35, 53-56). In embryos, Nos functions in germline development (53, 57-61) and further promotes the inclusion of germline cells in the developing ovary (53, 62). In addition to oogenic processes, Nos and Stau are also involved in the development of the Drosophila nervous system (63, 64). Many RBPs in Drosophila oogenesis have overlapping functions that are likely differentially regulated. Little is known about this regulation and it may involve several as yet unidentified mRNP components. To comprehensively identify RBP interactors, we carried out a systematic in vivo purification screen of GFPtagged RBPs coupled with mass spectrometry. We employed both labeled and label-free MS methods and identified several proteins significantly enriched with the purified RBPs. The interactomes of the individual RBPs were largely independent with some overlap. Our screen identified several previously unknown interactions, many of which we validated in vitro. This work presents an extended interaction network of RBPs in Drosophila, offering a new reference point for future functional and structural studies of mRNA localization. Experimental procedures Cloning and DNA constructs For cloning purposes, total RNA was extracted from wild-type ovaries using TRI-Reagent (Sigma), according to the manufacturer's instructions. RNA was reverse transcribed using Moloney Murine Leukemia Virus (M-MuLV) reverse transcriptase (Thermo Fisher Scientific), in the presence of oligo (dT)15 primers. To express proteins in human HEK293 cells, genes of interest were amplified from Drosophila cDNA, or in some cases from the Drosophila Genomics Resource Center (DGRC) clones, using the standard PCR conditions. Accession numbers of all the genes cloned are provided in Table S1. Fragments were cloned into mammalian expression vectors based on pEGFP-C1 (Clontech), bearing an N-terminal EGFP tag or modified to contain either HA or HA-Flag tags (provided by Elisa Izaurralde, MPI Tübingen). Full-length cDNAs were cloned, except for protein Nucampholin (Ncm), where a sequence encoding amino acids 359-664 was amplified. The boundaries were designed based on the MIF4G domain of the human ortholog CWC22, which has been shown to bind eIF4AIII (65). To serve as a control, either MBP or EGFP alone was used. : bioRxiv preprint Interactome of RNA Binding Proteins from Drosophila ovaries Drosophila stocks All flies were kept at room temperature on standard Drosophila medium. Oregon R flies were used as wildtype. Fosmid lines expressing GFP-tagged proteins were purchased from the Vienna Drosophila Resource Center (VDRC 318283, 318719, 318195, 318157, 318898, 318766), as previously published (66). To generate the control fly line expressing the tag only, the tag sequence was cloned in a modified pUAST-attB vector (67) (without UAS sites or SV40 poly(A) signal), downstream of a moderately expressing exu promoter using KpnI and BamHI sites. The purified vector was injected into embryos from a recombinant stock with a genotype y[1] M{vas-int.Dm} ZH-2A w[*]; PBac{y[+]-attP-3B}VK00033 (BDSC 24871). Transgenic flies were identified in the F1 generation by the presence of red eyes (dsRed) and a stable fly line was established. Cell culture and co-IP from HEK cells Human HEK293 cells were grown in standard Dulbecco's Modified Eagle Medium, supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated Fetal Bovine Serum, Glutamine and Penicillin-Streptomycin solution, at ºC in the presence of 5% CO2. For co-immunoprecipitations (co-IP), transfections were carried out in six-well plates with Lipofectamine (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer's recommendations. Typically, μg of DNA was transfected in each well and the ratio of two plasmids was adjusted based on their expression levels. If required, a third empty plasmid with HA tag was supplemented, to reach a total amount of μg. Cells were collected days after transfection and washed with PBS prior to lysis. Cells were lysed for min on ice in buffer (50 mM Tris-HCl pH 7.5 at ºC, mM NaCl, mM Sucrose, 0.1% NP-40, mM DTT) supplemented with protease inhibitors (cOmplete™, EDTA-free Protease inhibitor cocktail, Roche). For efficient lysis, cells were mechanically sheared by passing them through a needle (Sterican 21G 7/8" Ø 0.8X22mm) several times. Cell lysates were cleared at 16,000g for min at ºC and supernatants were supplemented with µl/ ml of RNase A/T1 (Thermo Fisher Scientific) for min at ºC. After clearing the lysate again at 16,000g for min, 12-20 µl of GFP-TRAP MA beads (Chromotek) were added to the supernatant and the mixtures were rotated for hour at ºC. For Flag pull-downs, 1.8 µg of monoclonal anti-Flag (Sigma #F1804) was added to the supernatant, post RNase treatment. After hour at ºC in rotation, µl of GammaBind Plus Sepharose beads (GE Healthcare) were added, and the mixtures were rotated for an additional hour at ºC. Beads were washed with lysis buffer and proteins were eluted in sample buffer by boiling at ºC for min.	-8.17399787902832	27.785472869873047	8
An outbreak of clusters of viral pneumonia due to a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV / SARS-	21.879758834838867	0.8425092101097107	1
Analysis of CDC social control measures using an agent-based simulation of an influenza epidemic in a city. Background: The transmission of infectious disease amongst the human population is a complex process which requires advanced, often individual-based, models to capture the space-time details observed in reality. Methods: An Individual Space-Time Activity-based Model (ISTAM) was applied to simulate the effectiveness of non-pharmaceutical control measures including: (1) refraining from social activities, (2) school closure and (3) household quarantine, for a hypothetical influenza outbreak in an urban area. Results: Amongst the set of control measures tested, refraining from social activities with various compliance levels was relatively ineffective. Household quarantine was very effective, especially for the peak number of cases and total number of cases, with large differences between compliance levels. Household quarantine resulted in a decrease in the peak number of cases from more than to around for a 100% compliance level, a decrease of about 48.7%. The delay in the outbreak peak was about to days. The total number of cases decreased to a range of 3635-5403, that is, 63.7%-94.7% of the baseline value. When coupling control measures, household quarantine together with school closure was the most effective strategy. The resulting space-time distribution of infection in different classes of activity bundles (AB) suggests that the epidemic outbreak is strengthened amongst children and then spread to adults. By sensitivity analysis, this study demonstrated that earlier implementation of control measures leads to greater efficacy. Also, for infectious diseases with larger basic reproduction number, the effectiveness of non-pharmaceutical measures was shown to be limited. Conclusions: Simulated results showed that household quarantine was the most effective control measure, while school closure and household quarantine implemented together achieved the greatest benefit. Agent-based models should be applied in the future to evaluate the efficacy of control measures for a range of disease outbreaks in a range of settings given sufficient information about the given case and knowledge about the transmission processes at a fine scale.	-17.53633689880371	-23.72303009033203	2
Analysis of Determinants in Filovirus Glycoproteins Required for Tetherin Antagonism. The host cell protein tetherin can restrict the release of enveloped viruses from infected cells. The HIV-1 protein Vpu counteracts tetherin by removing it from the site of viral budding, the plasma membrane, and this process depends on specific interactions between the transmembrane domains of Vpu and tetherin. In contrast, the glycoproteins (GPs) of two filoviruses, Ebola and Marburg virus, antagonize tetherin without reducing surface expression, and the domains in GP required for tetherin counteraction are unknown. Here, we show that filovirus GPs depend on the presence of their authentic Viruses 2014, transmembrane domains for virus-cell fusion and tetherin antagonism. However, conserved residues within the transmembrane domain were dispensable for membrane fusion and tetherin counteraction. Moreover, the insertion of the transmembrane domain into a heterologous viral GP, Lassa virus GPC, was not sufficient to confer tetherin antagonism to the recipient. Finally, mutation of conserved residues within the fusion peptide of Ebola virus GP inhibited virus-cell fusion but did not ablate tetherin counteraction, indicating that the fusion peptide and the ability of GP to drive host cell entry are not required for tetherin counteraction. These results suggest that the transmembrane domains of filoviral GPs contribute to tetherin antagonism but are not the sole determinants.	3.8423469066619873	26.698888778686523	12
Analysis on the Clinical Characteristics of Cases of Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia in Kunming. Objective: To analyze the clinical characteristics of patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia in Kunming City, and to study the correlation between nutritional status and immune function. Methods: Clinical data of patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia in isolation area of Kunming Third People's Hospital from January to February 15, were collected, and the basic situation, clinical characteristics, laboratory examination and CT imaging characteristics were analyzed. Serum albumin (ALB), prealbumin (PAB), hypersensitive c-reactive protein (hs-crp), CD3T cells, CD4T cells, CD8T cells and normal control group were analyzed. A simple linear regression analysis of the relationship between proalbumin and T cell subpopulation counts in the blood of patients. (1) The patients with new coronavirus pneumonia in Kunming were mainly of common type. (2) 50% of the patients' first symptoms were fever and cough; (3) The total number of white blood cells in peripheral blood was normal or decreased in cases (79%), and the lymphocyte count decreased in cases (13.89%), without anemia. Hypersensitive c-reactive protein increased in (52.78%) cases, and procalcitonin increased in case. Albumin decreased in cases (13.89%), proalbumin decreased in cases (41.67%), alanine transaminase increased slightly in cases (11.11%), alanine transaminase increased slightly in cases (11.11%), total bilirubin increased slightly in cases (30.56%), and renal function and blood coagulation were normal. Absolute value of CD3 + T cells is with a decrease in cases (58.3%), CD4 + T in cases (77.8%), CD8 + T in cases (47.2%), and CD4 + / CD8 + inverse in cases (16.7%). (4) The prealbumin, group were significantly lower than those in the normal control group, and the hypersensitive c-reactive protein was higher than that in the normal control group. (5) The levels of PAB in the serum of the patients were linearly correlated with hs-crp, CD3 T cells, CD4 T cells and CD8 T cells, and the correlation coefficients were -0.474, 0.558, 0.467 and 0.613, respectively, showing statistical differences. Conclusion: The clinical characteristics of the novel coronavirus pneumonia in Kunming are different from those in Wuhan. The changes of serum proalbumin and T cell subsets are relatively obvious. Changes in serum proalbumin may contribute to the early warning of novel coronavirus pneumonia. The nutritional status of patients with common and mild pneumonia should be considered.	23.027652740478516	-16.070194244384766	9
Analytical sensibility and specificity of two RT-qPCR protocols for SARS-CoV-2 detection performed in an automated workflow. The World Health Organization declared that COVID-19 outbreak constituted a Public Health Emergency of International Concern and the development of reliable laboratory diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 became mandatory to identify, isolate and provide optimized care for patients early. RT-qPCR testing of respiratory secretions is routinely used to detect causative viruses in acute respiratory infection. RT-qPCR in-house protocols to detect the SARS-CoV-2 have been described. Validations of these protocols are considered a key knowledge gap for COVID-19, especially if executed in a high throughput format. Here, we investigate the analytical sensitivity and specificity of two interim RT-qPCR protocols for the qualitative detection of SARS-CoV-2 executed in a fully automated platform. Under our conditions, the N1 and RdRP (modified) showed the highest analytical sensitivity for their RNA targets. E assay, in its original concentration, was considered a tertiary confirmatory assay. Taken together, N1, RdRP (optimized) and E presented appropriated analytical sensibility and specificity in our automated RT-qPCR workflow for COVID-19 virus, E being at least 4-fold less sensitive than the others. This study highlights the importance of local validation of in-house assays before its availability to the population. The use of the synthetic RT-qPCR target to investigate novel assays diagnostic parameters in automated workflows is a quick, simple effective way to be prepared for upcoming threats. The proposed assay detected the fisrt SARS-CoV-2 infection in Brazilian Central-West. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	1.6657297611236572	-3.032097816467285	6
Animal virus ecology and evolution are shaped by the virus host-body. The current classification of animal viruses primarily relates to the virus molecular world, the genomic architecture and the corresponding host-cell infection cycle. This virus centered perspective does not make allowance for the precept that virus fitness hinges on the virus transmission success. Virus transmission reflects the infection-shedding-transmission dynamics and, with it, the organ system involvement and other, macroscopic dimensions of the host environment. This study examines the transmission ecology of the world main livestock viruses, in total, belonging to eleven different families, and a mix of RNA, DNA and retroviruses. Viruses are virtually ranked in an outer-to inner-body fashion, based on the shifting organ system involvement and associated infection-shedding-transmission dynamics. As a next step, this ranking is disentangled with the aim to contrast two main host the virus. Two opposing virus evolution pathways emerge, respectively for generalist type, outer-body and for specialist, inner-body viruses.	25.479251861572266	8.5552978515625	5
Anti-biofilm Activity of Graphene Quantum Dots via Self-Assembly with Bacterial Amyloid Proteins. Bacterial biofilms represent an essential part of Earth's ecosystem that can cause multiple ecological, technological and health problems. The environmental resilience and sophisticated organization of biofilms are enabled by the extracellular matrix that creates a protective network of biomolecules around the bacterial community. Current anti-biofilm agents can interfere with extracellular matrix production but, being based on small molecules, are degraded by bacteria and rapidly diffuse away from biofilms. Both factors severely reduce their efficacy, while their toxicity to higher organisms create additional barriers to their practicality. In this paper we report on the ability of graphene quantum dots to effectively disperse mature Staphylococcus aureus biofilms, interfering with the self-assembly of amyloid fibers -a key structural component of the extracellular matrix. Mimicking peptide-binding biomolecules, graphene quantum dots form supramolecular complexes with phenol soluble modulins, the peptide monomers of amyloid fibers. Experimental and computational results show that graphene quantum dots efficiently dock near the N-terminus of the peptide and change the secondary structure of phenol soluble modulins, which disrupts their fibrillation and represents a novel strategy for mitigation of bacterial communities.	19.814266204833984	31.89710807800293	11
Antipsychotic behavioral phenotypes in the mouse Collaborative Cross recombinant inbred inter-crosses (RIX). Schizophrenia is an idiopathic disorder that affects approximately 1% of the human population, and presents with persistent delusions, hallucinations, and disorganized behaviors. Antipsychotics are the standard pharmacological treatment for schizophrenia, but are frequently discontinued by patients due to inefficacy and/or side effects. Chronic treatment with the typical antipsychotic haloperidol causes tardive dyskinesia (TD), which manifests as involuntary and often irreversible orofacial movements in around 30% of patients. Mice treated with haloperidol develop many of the features of TD, including jaw tremors, tongue protrusions, and vacuous chewing movements (VCMs). In this study, we used genetically diverse Collaborative Cross (CC) recombinant inbred inter-cross (RIX) mice to elucidate the genetic basis of antipsychoticinduced adverse drug reactions (ADRs). We performed a battery of behavioral tests in mice from RIX lines (derived from CC strains) treated with haloperidol or placebo in order to monitor the development of ADRs. We used linear mixed models to test for strain and treatment effects. We observed highly significant strain effects for almost all behavioral measurements investigated (p<0.001). Further, we observed strong strain-by-treatment interactions for most phenotypes, particularly for changes in distance traveled, vertical activity, and extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS). Estimates of overall heritability ranged from 0.21 (change in body weight) to 0.4 (VCMs and change in distance traveled) while the portion attributable to the interactions of treatment and strain ranged from 0.01 (for change in body weight) to 0.15 (for change in EPS). Interestingly, close to 30% of RIX mice exhibited VCMs, a sensitivity to haloperidol exposure, approximately similar to the rate of TD in humans chronically exposed to haloperidol.	-19.574268341064453	10.48693561553955	11
Antiviral Protection by IFITM3 In Vivo HHS Public Access. Purpose of Review-Interferon-induced transmembrane protein (IFITM3) is a cellular restriction factor that blocks fusion between virus and host membranes. Here, we provide an introduction to IFITM3 and the biochemical regulation underlying its antiviral activity. Further, we analyze and summarize the published literature examining phenotypes of IFITM3 knockout mice upon infections with viral pathogens and discuss the controversial association between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the human IFITM3 gene and severe virus infections. Recent Findings-Recent publications show that IFITM3 knockout mice experience more severe pathologies than wild-type mice in diverse virus infections, including infections with influenza A virus, West Nile virus, Chikungunya virus, Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus, respiratory syncytial virus, and cytomegalovirus. Likewise, numerous studies of humans of Chinese ancestry have associated the IFITM3 SNP rs12252-C with severe influenza virus infections, though examinations of other populations, such as Europeans, in which this SNP is rare, have largely failed to identify an association with severe infections. A second SNP, rs34481144-A, found in the human IFITM3 promoter has also recently been reported to be a risk allele for severe influenza virus infections. Summary-There is significant evidence for a protective role of IFITM3 against virus infections in both mice and humans, though additional work is required to identify the range of pathogens restricted by IFITM3 and the mechanisms by which human SNPs affect IFITM3 levels or functionality. Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	-3.2520360946655273	43.85445785522461	0
Application and optimization of RT-PCR in diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection. syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has become a global threat to public health. Aiming to construct an efficient screening pattern, we comprehensively evaluated the performances of RT-PCR and chest CT in diagnosing COVID-19. The records including demographics, RT-PCR, and CT from confirmed cases and exclusion cases were collected. The diagnostic accuracy of the pharyngeal swab RT-PCR, CT, combination with the second pharyngeal swab RT-PCR or with CT were evaluated individually. Besides, all the stool RT-PCR results were plotted by time to explore the value of stool RT-PCR. Findings: Combination of RT-PCR and CT has the higher sensitivity (91.9%,79/86) than RT-PCR alone (78.2% ， 68/87) or CT alone (66.7%, of 81) or combination of two RT-PCR tests (86.2%,75/87). There was good agreement between RT-PCR and CT (kappa-value, 0.430). In COVID-19 cases with inconsistent results, 94.1% (n=32) are mild infection, 62.5% of which (20/32) showed positive RT-PCR. 46.7% (35/75) COVID-19 patients had at least one positive stool during the course. Two cases had positive stool earlier than the pharyngeal swabs. Importantly, one patient had consecutive positive stool but negative pharyngeal swabs. Interpretation: Combination of RT-PCR and CT with the highest sensitivity is an optimal pattern to screen COVID-19. RT-PCR is superior to CT in diagnosing mild infections. Stool RT-PCR should be considered as an item for improving discovery rate and hospital discharge. This study shed light for optimizing scheme of screening and monitoring of SARS-CoV-2 infection. : medRxiv preprint person-to-person transmission of SARS-CoV-2 in hospital and family settings 2,6,7 . As of February 17, 2020, more than 71,000 laboratory-confirmed and 1,770 death cases have been documented in China and in other countries worldwide (including the USA, German, japan and South Korea) 8,9 . The mortality rate of SARS-CoV-2 was around 2%. The WHO has recently declared the SARS-CoV-2 a public health emergency of international concern . Thus, diagnostic tests specific for this infection are urgently needed for confirming suspected cases, screening patients and conducting virus surveillance. Identification of pathogens mainly includes virus isolation and viral nucleic acid detection. According to the traditional Koch's postulates, virus isolation is the gold standard for virus diagnosis in the laboratory. Thus, based on SARS-CoV-2 possesses a strong capability to infect humans, CDC recommends that clinical virology laboratories should not attempt viral isolation from specimens collected from COVID-19 patients under investigation. Because SARS-CoV-2 is a newly discovered virus, the spectrum of the available diagnostic tools is tight. In the early stage, SARS-CoV-2 has been detected in human clinical specimens by next-generation sequencing, cell culture, and electron microscopy . Further development of accurate and rapid methods to identify this emergency . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . 1101/2020.02.25.20027755 doi: medRxiv preprint respiratory pathogen is still needed. Then the full genome sequence of SARS-CoV-2 (29870-bp, excluding the poly (A) tail) in GenBank (accession number MN908947) was released quickly on January 10, 2020, which is more than 82% identical to those of SARS-CoV and bat SARS-like coronavirus (SL-CoV) . On the basis of analysis of this complete genomes obtained in this study, several laboratories developed molecular detection tools based on targeting ORF1ab, RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) gene N, and E regions of viral spike genes [13][14][15] . And then the rapid identification of this novel coronavirus is attributed to recent advances in the detection of SARS-CoV-2, including RT-PCR, real-time reverse transcription PCR (rRT-PCR), reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification (RT-LAMP), and microarray-based assays. At present, RT-PCR is a widely used detection technique for SARS-CoV-2 and several marketed nucleic acid detection kits for using in clinic . Currently, the standard of reference for the COVID-19 pneumonia diagnosis is a positive result in nucleic acid detection assay for the upper and lower respiratory tract specimens and blood, respiratory tract specimens were including nasal and pharyngeal swab specimens, sputum, and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid. And the patients confirmed with the COVID-19 pneumonia had or continuous negative RT-PCR results for nasopharyngeal and throat swab specimens can discharge from hospital. However, the scholar around china indicated that cases of COVID-19 that had or continuous negative RT-PCR results for nasopharyngeal and throat swab specimens before finally laboratory-confirmed [13]. And currently, several reports has reported the positive RT-PCR results for stool of COVID-19 patients 16,17 . Based on the infected patients can potentially shed the SARS-CoV2 through respiratory and fecal-oral routes, The value of RT-PCR results for stool in early diagnosis and monitor of SARS-CoV-2 infection will be study . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . doi: medRxiv preprint Retrieved data were recorded into Microsoft ® Excel and analyzed. Continuous variables were expressed as median and range deviation. The independent sample t-test and one-sample t-test were utilized to compare significant differences among continuous data. Statistical analysis of agreement was performed using McNemar Chi-squared test. It was regarded as statistical significance when the value was less than 0.05. We used R (version 3.5.0) for all analyses. Results The patients involved in this study summed 568, including COVID-19 and non-COVID19. All of them were the local residents of Wuhan, had a recent travel to Wuhan or contacted with people from Wuhan. And they were all eligible for the epidemiology criteria of suspected cases, and received further medical isolation, examination and diagnosis. Among the patients, 58.2% were males. Throughout the whole spectrum of age, 15-59 years group generates 60.6% of all populations in this study, and 5.7% of patients were aged below years (Table ). In the disease severity, 83.9% (73 of patients) were mild and 16.1% (14 of patients)were severe. In the early stage of COVID outbreak, RT-PCR and CT scan were the main measure for screening SARS-CoV-2 infection. Hence we collected the results of the two methods in the 568patints in further. In the period of Jan th to Feb th , total specimen from the patients were detected by RT-PCR, which included pharyngeal and stool (Table1). All patients after being admission received at least one RT-PCR detection for pharyngeal swabs, and patients were subjected to the second RTPCR test for pharyngeal swabs. The stool detected by RT-PCR accounted to 259, of which were from COVID-19 patients. Among the patients, patients were subjected to CT scan, . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . doi: medRxiv preprint RT-PCR and CT were evaluated in future. The cases being subjected to first RT-PCR and second RT-PCR for pharyngeal and being subjected to CT scan were analyzed. The performance indexes were shown in Table1. The results showed that the sensitivity of RT-PCR in parallel with CT scan was the highest( 91.9%), which was higher than that of parallel with second nucleic acid (86.2%) (Table1). But the specificity of two nucleic acid detections was significantly higher than that of combination of nucleic acid and CT, suggesting that nucleic acid in parallel with CT was more appropriate to screen SARS-CoV-22 infections, and two nucleic acid tests for exclusion diagnosis maybe more suitable. It is reported that alive virus can survive in stool of COVID-19 patients. According our data, 8.6% patients (Table1) cannot be identified by combination of RT-PCR for pharyngeal swab and CT scan. Since that, can the RT-PCR test for stool be an efficiency assisting examination? In this study, there were COVID-19 cases subjecting to stool nucleotide detection. Therefore, all of the RT-PCR results from case with stool nucleotide detection were plotted along time axis (Figure3) . It was demonstrated that cases had at least one positive results and the discovery rate is 46.7%. The stool presented earlier positive than the throat swab in two cases (patient No. 21, 38) (Figure3) . Moreover, pharyngeal swab of No.21 patient had been always negative until the end of the study. There were patients with remaining positive results of stool after two consecutive negative results of pharyngeal swabs ( patient No.2,8,13,15,18,21,24,26,27,29,30,35,39,40,42,48) during their hospitalization (Figure3). Importantly, of the discharged patients, two cases had stools being negative later than pharyngeal swabs (Patient No.2,10) (Figure3). The data above suggested that the detection of fecal nucleic acid could be employed to improve the discovery rate and might be developed as an indicator of monitoring and de-isolation. CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 Discussion SARS-CoV-2, a novel betacoronavirus are a major cause of symptomatic respiratory tract infection in all age groups worldwide 11,16,25 . Timely and accurate diagnosis of the virus enables appropriate treatment of infections. RT-PCR is widely deployed in diagnostic virology. In the case of a public health emergency, proficient diagnostic laboratories can rely on this robust technology to establish new diagnostic tests within their routine services before pre-formulated assays become available. In our study, the sensitivity of RT-PCR was greater than that other reports (78% vs 30%-50%) in the first assay. The reasons for the high sensitivity of our series may include 26,27 : The first was samples, in some hospital, the patients' nasopharyngeal or oropharyngeal swabs were collected for testing the SARS-CoV-2 separately. In our study, the detection specimen was the patient's pharyngeal and nasal swabs combine, compared to the pharyngeal or nasal swab only , indicating higher sensitivity at initial screening. We show that the strategy for the detection of viral RNA in pharyngeal and nasal swabs used for SARS-CoV-2 diagnosis is not perfect. We also found that the virus are present in several stool swabs of patients when pharyngeal and nasal swabs detection negative. Based on the infected patients can potentially shed this pathogen through respiratory and fecal-oral routes, we applied test for oral and stool swabs which could greatly improved detection positive rate. Among the laboratory-confirmed cases, there were still cases with RT-PCR results testing negative in the first assay. In the false negatives can be caused by poor sample quality, such as respiratory tract samples collected from the oropharynx; collection that is too early or late in the progression of the disease, in the early stages, the number of viruses in the body is not enough to be . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . doi: medRxiv preprint detected. samples that have not been properly stored, transported, or processed, SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus is RNA virus, which is prone to death and degradation. In the process of collecting samples and transporting them to the laboratory for testing, it takes a long time and the nucleic acid is easy to degrade, so it is not easy to detect positive. At last, technical factors, including virus mutation and PCR inhibition. In our study, the sensitivity of RT-PCR was higher than that of the chest CT (78.5% vs 66.7%, respectively). The reasons for the relatively lower efficiency of chest CT is may include, 1) The major of COVID-19 patients was mild, in the early detection, there is no features or typical features of chest CT in our study. 2) We divided three groups in the patients, one group is COVID-19 positive, the other group is COVID-19 negative. Our results support RT-PCR combine chest CT for first screening for COVID-19 for patients with clinical and epidemiologic features.	9.9638090133667	-12.685578346252441	7
Application of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in patients with severe acute respiratory distress syndrome induced by avian influenza A (H7N9) viral pneumonia: national data from the Chinese multicentre collaboration. Background: Evidence concerning the efficacy and safety of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) in patients with influenza A (H7N9) has been was limited to case reports. Our study is aimed to investigate the current application, efficacy and safety of ECMO in for severe H7N9 pneumonia-associated acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) in the Chinese population. Methods: A multicentre retrospective cohort study was conducted at hospitals that admitted patients with avian influenza A (H7N9) viral pneumonia patients' admission from provinces in China between October 1, 2016, and March 1, 2017. Data from the National Health and Family Planning Commission of China, including general conditions, outcomes and ECMO management, were analysed. Then, successfully weaned and unsuccessfully weaned groups were compared. Results: A total of patients, aged ± years, were analysed; 65.7% of patients were male with 63% mortality. All patients underwent invasive positive pressure ventilation (IPPV), and rescue ventilation strategies were implemented for cases (65.7%) with an average IPPV duration of ± d, PaO /FiO of ± mmHg, tidal volume (VT) of ± ml and plateau pressure (P plat ) of ± cmH O pre-ECMO. After h on ECMO, PaO improved from ± mmHg to ± mmHg and PaCO declined from ± mmHg to ± mmHg. Haemorrhage, ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) and barotrauma occurred in 45.7%, 60% and 8.6% of patients, respectively. Compared with successfully weaned patients (n = 14), the unsuccessfully weaned patients had a longer duration of IPPV pre-ECMO (6 ± d vs. ± d, P < 0.01) as well as a higher P plat (25 ± cmH O vs. ± cmH O, P < 0.05) and VT (343 ± ml vs. ± ml, P < 0.05) after h on ECMO support. Furthermore, the unsuccessfully weaned group had a higher mortality (100% vs. 7.1%, P < 0.01) with more haemorrhage (77.3% vs. 28.6%, P < 0.01).	23.227468490600586	-21.357675552368164	9
Appropriate Models for the Management of Infectious Diseases. Mathematical models have become invaluable management tools for epidemiologists, both shedding light on the mechanisms underlying observed dynamics as well as making quantitative predictions on the effectiveness of different control measures. Here, we explain how substantial biases are introduced by two important, yet largely ignored, assumptions at the core of the vast majority of such models. First, we use analytical methods to show that (i) ignoring the latent period or (ii) making the common assumption of exponentially distributed latent and infectious periods (when including the latent period) always results in underestimating the basic reproductive ratio of an infection from outbreak data. We then proceed to illustrate these points by fitting epidemic models to data from an influenza outbreak. Finally, we document how such unrealistic a priori assumptions concerning model structure give rise to systematically overoptimistic predictions on the outcome of potential management options. This work aims to highlight that, when developing models for public health use, we need to pay careful attention to the intrinsic assumptions embedded within classical frameworks. PLoS Medicine | www.plosmedicine.org July | Volume | Issue | e174 Open access, freely available online PL o S MEDICINE	-16.832487106323242	-13.52869701385498	5
Arenaviridae exoribonuclease presents genomic RNA edition capacity. The Arenaviridae is a large family of viruses causing both acute and persistent infections and causing significant public health concerns in afflicted regions. A "trademark" of infection is the quick and efficient immuno-suppression mediated in part by a 3'-5' RNA exonuclease domain (ExoN) of the Nucleoprotein (NP). Mopeia virus, the eastern African counterpart of Lassa virus, carries such ExoN domain, but does not suppress the host innate immunity. We have recently reported the crystal structure of the Mopeia virus ExoN domain, which presents a conserved fold and active site. In the present study, we show that the ExoN activity rules out a direct link between ExoN activity and alteration of the host innate immunity. We found that the Arenavirus ExoN, however, is able to excise mis-incorporated bases present at the 3'-end of double stranded RNA. ExoN(-) arenaviruses cultured in cells dampened in innate immunity still replicated in spite of a significant reduction in the viral charge over several passages. The remaining ExoN(-) virus population showed an increased base substitution rate on a narrow nucleotide spectrum, linking the ExoN activity to genome editing. Since, the Arenavirus ExoN belongs to the same nuclease family as that of the nsp14 coronavirus ExoN ; which has been recently shown to promote viral RNA synthesis proofreading; we propose that Arenavirus ExoN is involved in a "limited RNA editing" mechanism mainly controlled by structural constraints and a low mutational/fitness ratio.	-4.555262088775635	20.750768661499023	8
Article 140. Avian leukosis virus subgroup J (ALV-J) infection can cause tumors and immunosuppression. Endogenous viruses integrate into host genomes and can recombine with exogenous avian leukosis virus (ALV). In this study, we analyzed the interaction of endogenous retrovirus (ev21) with the ALV-J in late-feathering Chinese yellow chicken. Two ALV-J strains M180 and K243 were isolated from late-feathering and fast-feathering Chinese yellow chicken flocks, respectively. The env gene of the two strains showed 94.2-94.8% nucleotide identity with reference ALV-J strains. Compared with the env gene and the LTR of ev21 and M180, the nucleotide identity of LTR was 69.7% and env gene was 58.4%, respectively, especially the amino acid identity of env gene as low as 14.2%. Phylogenetic analysis of the nucleotide sequence of the env gene and the ′ LTR showed that M180 was closely related to ALV-J, and was located in a distinct group with ev21 in the phylogenetic tree. Using co-immunoprecipitation (co-IP), we next demonstrate that the envelope protein of ev21 does not interact with the M180 envelope protein. We further show that the envelope protein of ev21 cannot activate ALV-J LTR promoter activity using luciferase-reporter assays. qPCR and western blot analysis revealed that envelope protein of endogenous ev21 can facilitate the expression of PKR at 6h post ALV-J infection (hpi) and facilitate the expression of ISG12 and CH25H at hpi. However, the expression of the env gene of M180 strain was not significantly at and hpi. We conclude that there is no evidence of recombination between endogenous retrovirus ev21 and ALV-J strain M180 in late-feathering Chinese yellow chicken, and envelope protein of ev21 can affect the expression of host ISGs, but appears not to influence the replication of ALV-J strain M180. This is the first report of interaction among the endogenous retrovirus ev21, ALV-J and the late-feathering chicken.	14.658780097961426	7.687410354614258	4
Article: Discoveries On the causes of evolutionary transition:transversion bias. A pattern in which nucleotide transitions are favored several-fold over transversions is common in molecular evolution. When this pattern occurs among amino acid replacements, explanations often invoke an effect of selection, on the grounds that transitions are more conservative in their effects on proteins. However, the underlying hypothesis of conservative transitions has never been tested directly. Here we assess support for this hypothesis using direct evidence: the fitness effects of mutations in actual proteins, measured via individual or paired growth experiments. We assembled data from published studies, ranging in size from to single-nucleotide mutations that change an amino acid. Every study has the statistical power to reveal significant effects of amino acid exchangeability, and most studies have the power to discern a binary conservative-vs-radical distinction. However, only one study suggests that transitions are significantly more conservative than transversions. In the combined set of replacements, the chance that a transition is more conservative than a transversion is % (95 % confidence interval, % to %), compared to the null expectation of %. We show that this effect is not large compared to that of most biochemical factors, and is not large enough to explain the several-fold bias observed in evolution. In short, available data have the power to verify the "conservative transitions" hypothesis if true, but suggest instead that selection on proteins plays at best a minor role in the observed bias. CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	-10.463627815246582	10.160147666931152	5
Assessing spread risk of Wuhan novel coronavirus within and beyond China, January-April 2020: a travel network-based modelling study. Background: A novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) emerged in Wuhan City, China, at the end of and has caused an outbreak of human-to-human	2.1597983837127686	-31.417593002319336	1
Assessing the impact of a symptom-based mass screening and testing intervention during a novel infectious disease. A symptom-based mass screening and testing intervention (MSTI) can identify a large fraction	-19.57312774658203	-23.50364875793457	2
Assessing the impact of reduced travel on exportation dynamics of novel coronavirus infection (COVID-19). The impact of the drastic reduction in travel volume within mainland China in January and February was quantified with respect to reports of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) infections outside China. Data on confirmed cases diagnosed outside China were analyzed using statistical models to estimate the impact of travel reduction on three epidemiological outcome measures: (i) the number of exported cases, (ii) the probability of a major epidemic, and (iii) the time delay to a major epidemic. From January to February 2020, we estimated that exported cases (95% confidence interval: 86, 449) were prevented, corresponding to a 70.4% reduction in incidence compared to the counterfactual scenario. The reduced probability of a major epidemic ranged from 7% to 20% in Japan, which resulted in a median time delay to a major epidemic of two days. Depending on the scenario, the estimated delay may be less than one day. As the delay is small, the decision to control travel volume through restrictions on freedom of movement should be balanced between the resulting estimated epidemiological impact and predicted economic fallout.	-8.290492057800293	-32.8234748840332	2
Assessing the plausibility of subcritical transmission of 2019-nCoV in the United States. The 2019-nCoV outbreak has raised concern of global spread. While person-to-person transmission within the Wuhan district has led to a large outbreak, the transmission potential outside of the region remains unclear. Here we present a simple approach for determining whether the upper limit of the confidence interval for the reproduction number exceeds one for transmission in the United States, which would allow endemic transmission. As of February 7, 2020, the number of cases in the United states support subcritical transmission, rather than ongoing transmission. However, this conclusion can change if pre-symptomatic cases resulting from human-to-human transmission have not yet been identified. The 2019-nCoV outbreak is a global health risk, especially considering the number of patients who have already died after becoming infected in Wuhan, China. Many initial characterizations of the virus have focused on the basic reproduction number, R , which reflects the average number of infections that each new infection causes in a susceptible population. Whenever R is greater than one, epidemic transition becomes possible and within the Wuhan province, R has been estimated as high as 4.1 1-3 .	-9.288031578063965	-26.941762924194336	3
Associated Herpesvirus in Endothelial Cells. Ubiquitination, a post-translational modification, mediates diverse cellular functions including endocytic transport of molecules. Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV), an enveloped herpesvirus, enters endothelial cells primarily through clathrin-mediated endocytosis. Whether ubiquitination and proteasome activity regulates KSHV entry and endocytosis remains unknown. We showed that inhibition of proteasome activity reduced KSHV entry into endothelial cells and intracellular trafficking to nuclei, thus preventing KSHV infection of the cells. Three-dimensional (3-D) analyses revealed accumulation of KSHV particles in a cytoplasmic compartment identified as EEA1+ endosomal vesicles upon proteasome inhibition. KSHV particles are colocalized with ubiquitin-binding proteins epsin and eps15. Furthermore, ubiquitination mediates internalization of both KSHV and one of its receptors integrin b1. KSHV particles are colocalized with activated forms of the E3 ligase c-Cbl. Knock-down of c-Cbl or inhibition of its phosphorylation reduced viral entry and intracellular trafficking, resulting in decreased KSHV infectivity. These results demonstrate that ubiquitination mediates internalization of both KSHV and one of its cognate receptors integrin b1, and identify c-Cbl as a potential E3 ligase that facilitates this process.	2.130908489227295	29.909128189086914	12
Association between Use of Oral Anti-Diabetic Drugs and the Risk of Sepsis: A Nested Case-Control Study. Using a cohort of patients, extracted from Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database, with type diabetes who were newly diagnosed between and and treated with OADs, we conducted a nested case-control study involving 43,015 cases (patients who were first hospitalized for sepsis) and 43,015 matched controls. Compared with non-use, metformin use was associated with a decreased risk of developing sepsis (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.80, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.77-0.83, P < 0.001), but meglitinide (adjusted OR 1.32, 95% CI 1.25-1.40, P < 0.001) use was associated with the increased risk of developing sepsis. The risk for development of sepsis was also lower among current (adjusted OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.78-0.96) and recent (adjusted OR 0.83, 95% CI 0.73-0.94) thiazolidinedione users. Current or recent sulfonylurea use and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor use were not significantly associated with the development of sepsis. Our results highlight the need to consider the potential pleiotropic effect of OADs against sepsis in addition to the lowering of blood glucose. Between and 2008, the number of people with type diabetes (T2D) worldwide increased from approximately million to million . According to the World Health Organization, the global economic burden of T2D is tremendous, consuming 2.5-15% of countries' primary healthcare budgets . Till now, the use of oral antidiabetic drugs (OADs) remains the preferred pharmacological therapy due to many patients' fear of insulin administration and its adverse effects, such as hypoglycemia and weight gain 3,4 . Several classes of OAD are available on the market, including biguanide (metformin), sulfonylureas, alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, meglitinides, thiazolidinediones (TZDs), dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors, and newer sodium-glucose cotransporter (SGLT2) inhibitors. In addition to mediating	20.808256149291992	-25.50396728515625	9
Association between genetic polymorphisms and osteonecrosis in steroid treatment populations: a detailed stratified and dose-response meta-analysis. Steroid treatment has become recognized as an important risk factor for avascular osteonecrosis of the femoral head. However, not all patients who receive long-term, high-dose steroids develop osteonecrosis, indicating that there are individual differences in occurrence. We explored the relationship between polymorphisms and steroid-induced osteonecrosis of the femoral head (SONFH) incidence with variables. We used a multilevel mixed-effects logistic regression model, which is an expansion of logistic regression, for each type of steroid, primary disease, drug dose, applied duration, and single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP). We also conducted a dose-response meta-analysis to analyze the cumulative dosage and SONFH risk in mutation carriers. There were significant correlations between the ABCB1 rs1045642 mutant and SONFH in the prednisone-use and methylprednisolone/prednisone-use populations. The ABCB1 rs2032582 mutant homozygote had a protective effect in the methylprednisolone/prednisolone renal transplant population. For ApoB rs693, mutation increased the incidence of SONFH in prednisone-use and methylprednisolone/prednisolone-use populations and renal transplant patients. For ApoB rs1042031, mutation increased the risk of SONFH in the prednisone-use population. The PAI-1 rs1799768 mutation had a protective effect on the SONFH risk prednisone-use and renal transplant populations. ABCB1 rs1045642 mutations have a protective effect against SONFH, and ApoB rs693 and rs1042031 increase the SONFH risk. Cumulative dosage and treatment duration had little effect on the results. In addition, there was a dose-effect correlation in ABCB1 rs1045642 and rs2032582 mutation carriers.	11.47813606262207	-29.157581329345703	7
Association of Population migration and Coronavirus Disease epidemic control. To analyze the impact of different patterns of migration flow in two cities, Hefei and Shenzhen, on the epidemic and disease control of Coronavirus Disease , in order to provide insight for making differentiated controlling policies. Hefei and Shenzhen between January and February 11, 2020, from data officially published by the provincial and municipal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). From these data we calculated basic reproduction number R0 to reflect the rate of spread of COVID-19 in these cities. Aggregated data of population migration during the same period was extracted from Baidu Migration. The change of R0 in the two cites were analyzed and compared. Spearman correlation analysis between R0 and population inflow from epidemic focus were performed.	-3.053816795349121	-27.911117553710938	3
Association of radiologic findings with mortality of patients infected with novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China. Background: Radiologic characteristics of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) infected pneumonia (NCIP) which had not been fully understood are especially important for diagnosing and predicting prognosis. Purpose: To summarize the clinical and radiologic characteristics of NCIP cases and analyze the association of radiologic findings with mortality cases. We retrospective studied consecutive patients who were confirmed NCIP, the clinical characteristics and CT image findings were collected, and the association of radiologic findings with mortality of patients was evaluated. Results: patients included men and women, with median age of years . patients discharged in recovered condition and patients died in hospital. The median age of mortality group was higher compared to survival group (68 (IQR 63-73) vs (IQR 35-60), P = 0.003). The comorbidity rate in mortality group was significantly higher than in survival group (80% vs 29%, P = 0.018). The predominant CT characteristics consisted of ground glass opacity (67%), bilateral sides involved (86%), both peripheral and central distribution (74%), and lower zone involvement (96%). The median CT score of mortality group was higher compared to survival group (30 (IQR 7-13) vs (IQR 11-43), P = 0.021), with more frequency of consolidation (40% vs 6%, P = 0.047) and air bronchogram (60% vs 12%, P = 0.025). An optimal cutoff value of a CT score of 24.5 had a sensitivity of 85.6% and a specificity of 84.5% for the prediction of mortality. Conclusions: 2019-nCoV was more likely to infect elderly people with chronic comorbidities. CT findings of NCIP were featured by predominant ground glass opacities mixed with consolidations, mainly peripheral or combined peripheral and central distributions, bilateral and lower lung zones being mostly involved. A simple CT scoring method was capable to predict mortality.	19.390277862548828	-18.774616241455078	9
Attenuation of influenza A virus disease severity by viral co-infection in a mouse model Short Title: Pathogenesis of influenza viral co-infection 5. word count: Text word count: 5,657 Abstract Influenza viruses and rhinoviruses are responsible for a large number of acute respiratory viral infections in human populations and are detected as co-pathogens within hosts. Clinical and epidemiological studies suggest that co-infection by rhinovirus and influenza virus may reduce disease severity and that they may also interfere with each other's spread within a host population. To determine how co-infection by these two unrelated respiratory viruses affects pathogenesis, we established a mouse model using a minor serogroup rhinovirus (RV1B) and mouse-adapted influenza A virus (PR8). Infection of mice with RV1B two days before PR8 reduced pathogenesis of mild to moderate, but not severe PR8 infections. Disease attenuation was associated with an early inflammatory response in the lungs and enhanced clearance of PR8. However, co-infection by RV1B did not reduce PR8 viral loads early in infection or inhibit replication of PR8 within respiratory epithelia or in vitro. Inflammation in co-infected mice	13.577570915222168	24.212852478027344	10
Awareness of MERS-CoV among Staff Members of Prince Sultan Military Medical City in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) developed infections that caused serious epidemics. Special priority of awareness and prompt initiative involvement of health workers (HW) during such intensified health situation necessitated an assessment of their preparedness, appropriate attitudes and protective strategies for better efficiency modes and acceleration during emergency. Methods Sultan Military Medical city in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia were reviewed through specifically designed questionnaires to acquire the demanded data. It included clinical and demographic information about the viral diseases, associated signs and symptoms, transmission and protection, and attitudes about the MERS-CoV disease. The study was accomplished between August and November, and participants of the medical city, successfully completed the study questionnaire (Appendix I ). Females represented a majority and there was an indirectly proportional decrease with the increasing age. Gradual educational increase levels reflected dominance of the university degree holders. Jobs were dominated by nurses and non-Saudis were a majority whilst, the highly experienced, (>10 years) were a minority. A majority recognized the viral transmission methods, popular information sources of MERS-CoV and associated medical terms. Highest scores were observed in dealing with protective aids and recognizing symptoms of disease. High adherence to hand hygiene protocols and correct washing steps were recorded. Correct and high levels were observed in taking preventive measures and avoiding infection. Participants responded correctly to negative and wrong actions that patients should refrain from. High scores were observed in taking appreciable attitudes towards oneself and towards others. Expatriates were majority and nurses were dominant which, necessitates Saudization of this sector. Ministry of health pamphlets and seminars were of less impact in invigilating HW, hence, more attention and efforts are demanded. HW were quite aware of the basic and emergent health policies during epidemic episodes of MERS-CoV.	-18.77910804748535	-39.992034912109375	2
BAR scaffolds drive membrane fission by crowding disordered domains. Cylindrical protein scaffolds are thought to stabilize membrane tubules, preventing membrane fission. In contrast, Snead et al. find that when scaffold proteins assemble, bulky disordered domains within them become acutely concentrated, generating steric pressure that destabilizes tubules, driving fission. Cellular membranes are continuously remodeled. The crescent-shaped bin-amphiphysinrvs (BAR) domains remodel membranes in multiple cellular pathways. Based on studies of BAR domains in isolation, the current paradigm is that they polymerize into cylindrical scaffolds that stabilize lipid tubules, preventing membrane fission. But in nature BAR domains are often part of multi-domain proteins that contain large intrinsically-disordered regions. Using in vitro and live cell assays, here we show that full-length BAR domaincontaining proteins, rather than stabilizing membrane tubules, are instead surprisingly potent drivers of membrane fission. Specifically, when BAR scaffolds assemble at membrane surfaces, their bulky disordered domains become crowded, generating steric pressure that destabilizes lipid tubules. More broadly, we observe this behavior with BAR domains that have a range of curvatures. These data challenge the idea that cellular membranes adopt the curvature of BAR scaffolds, suggesting instead that the ability to concentrate disordered domains is the key requirement for membrane remodeling and fission by BAR domain-containing proteins.	-13.00021743774414	22.833494186401367	8
BMC Genomics Viral genome sequencing by random priming methods. Background: Most emerging health threats are of zoonotic origin. For the overwhelming majority, their causative agents are RNA viruses which include but are not limited to HIV, Influenza, SARS, Ebola, Dengue, and Hantavirus. Of increasing importance therefore is a better understanding of global viral diversity to enable better surveillance and prediction of pandemic threats; this will require rapid and flexible methods for complete viral genome sequencing. We have adapted the SISPA methodology [1-3] to genome sequencing of RNA and DNA viruses. We have demonstrated the utility of the method on various types and sources of viruses, obtaining near complete genome sequence of viruses ranging in size from 3,000-15,000 kb with a median depth of coverage of 14.33. We used this technique to generate full viral genome sequence in the presence of host contaminants, using viral preparations from cell culture supernatant, allantoic fluid and fecal matter. The method described is of great utility in generating whole genome assemblies for viruses with little or no available sequence information, viruses from greatly divergent families, previously uncharacterized viruses, or to more fully describe mixed viral infections.	-4.562594413757324	-1.488213300704956	6
BMC Immunology Immunogenicity of a polyvalent HIV-1 candidate vaccine based on fourteen wild type gp120 proteins in golden hamsters. Background: One of the major obstacles in the design of an effective vaccine against HIV-1 is the hypervariability of the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein. Most HIV-1 vaccine candidates have utilized envelope glycoprotein from a single virus isolate, but to date, none of them elicited broadly reactive humoral immunity. Herein, we hypothesised that a cocktail of HIV-1 gp120 proteins containing multiple epitopes may increase the breadth of immune responses against HIV-1. We compared and evaluated the immunogenicity of HIV-1 vaccines containing either gp120 protein alone or in combinations of four or fourteen gp120s from different primary HIV-1 isolates in immunized hamsters. Results: We amplified and characterized different gp120s from primary subtype B isolates with both syncytium and non-syncytium inducing properties, and expressed the proteins in Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell lines. Purified proteins were used either alone or in combinations of four or fourteen different gp120s to vaccinate golden hamsters. The polyvalent vaccine showed higher antibody titers to HIV-1 subtype B isolates MN and SF162 compared to the groups that received one or four gp120 proteins. However, the polyvalent vaccine was not able to show higher neutralizing antibody responses against HIV-1 primary isolates. Interestingly, the polyvalent vaccine group had the highest proliferative immune responses and showed a substantial proportion of cross-subtype CD4 reactivity to HIV-1 subtypes B, C, and A/E Conclusion: Although the polyvalent approach achieved only a modest increase in the breadth of humoral and cellular immunity, the qualitative change in the vaccine (14 vs. gp120) resulted in a quantitative improvement in vaccine-induced immunity.	20.517656326293945	20.73731803894043	10
BMC Infectious Diseases Sex-and age-dependent association of SLC11A1 polymorphisms with tuberculosis in Chinese: a case control study. Background: Host genetic factors are important determinants in tuberculosis (TB). The SLC11A1 (or NRAMP1) gene has been studied extensively for genetic association with TB, but with inconsistent findings. In addition, no study has yet looked into the effect of sex and age on the relationship between SLC11A1 polymorphisms and TB. Methods: A case-control study was conducted. In total, pulmonary TB patients and sex-and agematched controls without TB were recruited. All subjects were ethnic Chinese. On the basis of linkage disequilibrium pattern, three genetic markers from SLC11A1 and one from the nearby IL8RB locus were selected and examined for association with TB susceptibility. These markers were genotyped using single strand conformation polymorphism analysis or fragment analysis of amplified products. Results: Statistically significant differences in allele (P = 0.0165, OR = 1.51) and genotype (P = 0.0163, OR = 1.59) frequencies of the linked markers SLC6a/b (classically called D543N and 3'UTR) of the SLC11A1 locus were found between patients and controls. With stratification by sex, positive associations were identified in the female group for both allele (P = 0.0049, OR = 2.54) and genotype (P = 0.0075, OR = 2.74) frequencies. With stratification by age, positive associations were demonstrated in the young age group (age ≤65 years) for both allele (P = 0.0047, OR = 2.52) and genotype (P = 0.0031, OR = 2.92) frequencies. All positive findings remained significant even after correction for multiple comparisons. No significant differences were noted in either the male group or the older age group. No significant differences were found for the other markers (one SLC11A1 marker and one IL8RB marker) either. This study confirmed the association between SLC11A1 and TB susceptibility and demonstrated for the first time that the association was restricted to females and the young age group.	11.509862899780273	-29.15508270263672	9
BMC Microbiology Complete genome sequence of Treponema pallidum ssp. pallidum strain SS14 determined with oligonucleotide arrays. Background: Syphilis spirochete Treponema pallidum ssp. pallidum remains the enigmatic pathogen, since no virulence factors have been identified and the pathogenesis of the disease is poorly understood. Increasing rates of new syphilis cases per year have been observed recently. The genome of the SS14 strain was sequenced to high accuracy by an oligonucleotide array strategy requiring hybridization to only three arrays (Comparative Genome Sequencing, CGS). Gaps in the resulting sequence were filled with targeted dideoxy-terminators (DDT) sequencing and the sequence was confirmed by whole genome fingerprinting (WGF). When compared to the Nichols strain, single nucleotide substitutions (224 transitions, transversions), deletions, and insertions were found. On the proteome level, the highest frequency of amino acid-altering substitution polymorphisms was in novel genes, while the lowest was in housekeeping genes, as expected by their evolutionary conservation. Evidence was also found for hypervariable regions and multiple regions showing intrastrain heterogeneity in the T. pallidum chromosome. The observed genetic changes do not have influence on the ability of Treponema pallidum to cause syphilitic infection, since both SS14 and Nichols are virulent in rabbit. However, this is the first assessment of the degree of variation between the two syphilis pathogens and paves the way for phylogenetic studies of this fascinating organism.	15.65973949432373	1.0627236366271973	10
Background: To control COVID-19 outbreak in Japan, sports and entertainment events were canceled in Japan for two weeks from February to March. It has been designated as voluntary event cancellation (VEC). Object: This study predicts the effectiveness of VEC enduring and after its implementation. Method: We applied a simple susceptible-infected-recovery model to data of patients with symptoms in Japan during January to VEC introduction and after VEC introduction to March. We adjusted the reporting delay in the latest few days. Results: Results suggest that the basic reproduction number, R 0, before VEC introduced as 2.50 with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was [2.43, 2.55] and the effective reproduction number, R v, after VEC introduced as 1. 88; its 95% CI was [1.68,2.02]. Discussion and Conclusion: Results demonstrated that VEC can reduce COVID-19 infectiousness by 35%, but R remains higher than one. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-8.694669723510742	-30.469682693481445	3
Background: the COVID-19 has been successfully contained in China but is spreading all over the world. We use phenomenological models to dissect the development of the epidemics in China and the impact of the drastic control measures both at the aggregate level and within each province. We use the experience from China to analyze the calibration results on Japan, South Korea, Iran, Italy and Europe, and make future scenario projections. : we calibrate the logistic growth model, the generalized logistic growth model, the generalized growth model and the generalized Richards model to the reported number of infected cases from Jan. to March for the whole of China, provinces in China, four severely affected countries and Europe as a whole. The different models provide upper and lower bounds of our scenario predictions. Results: We quantitatively document four phases of the outbreak in China with a detailed analysis on the heterogenous situations across provinces. Based on Chinese experience, we identify a high risk in Japan with estimated total confirmed cases as of March being (95% CI: [880, 2372]), and (95% CI: [988, 11340]) by June. For South Korea, we expect the number of infected cases to approach the ceiling, (95% CI: [6341, 9754]), in days. We estimate 0.15% (95% CI: [0.03%, 0.30%]) of Italian population to be infected in a positive scenario. We would expect people infected in Europe in days, in a negative but probable scenario, corresponding to 0.015% European population.	-6.567801475524902	-32.36951446533203	3
Bat Astroviruses: Towards Understanding the Transmission Dynamics of a Neglected Virus Family. Bats belong to the order Chiroptera that represents the second largest order of mammals with more than species and an almost global distribution. Environmental changes and deforestation have severely influenced many ecosystems, intensifying the contact between wildlife and humans. In recent years, bats have been found to harbor a number of different viruses with zoonotic potential, as well as a great diversity of astroviruses, for which the question of zoonotic potential remains unanswered to date. Human astroviruses have been identified as the causative agent for diarrhea in children and immunocompromised patients. For a long time, astroviruses have been considered to be strictly species-specific. However, a great genetic diversity has recently been discovered among animal and human astroviruses that might indicate the potential of these viruses to cross species barriers. Furthermore, our knowledge about the tissue tropism of astroviruses has been expanded to some neurotropic strains that have recently been shown to be responsible for encephalitis in humans and livestock. This review gives an overview on what is known about astroviruses in bats, humans and livestock, especially bovines and pigs. Future research activities are suggested to unravel astrovirus infection dynamics in bat populations to further assess the zoonotic potential of these viruses.	9.892217636108398	1.0223119258880615	10
Bayesian mixture analysis for metagenomic community profiling. Deep sequencing of clinical samples is now an established tool for the detection of infectious pathogens, with direct medical applications. The large amount of data generated provides an opportunity to detect species even at very low levels, provided that computational tools can effectively interpret potentially complex metagenomic mixtures. Data interpretation is complicated by the fact that short sequencing reads can match multiple organisms and by the lack of completeness of existing databases, in particular for viral pathogens. This interpretation problem can be formulated statistically as a mixture model, where the species of origin of each read is missing, but the complete knowledge of all species present in the mixture helps with the individual reads assignment. Several analytical tools have been proposed to approximately solve this computational problem. Here, we show that the use of parallel Monte Carlo Markov chains (MCMC) for the exploration of the species space enables the identification of the set of species most likely to contribute to the mixture. The added accuracy comes at a cost of increased computation time. Our approach is useful for solving complex mixtures involving several related species. We designed our method specifically for the analysis of deep transcriptome sequencing datasets and with a particular focus on viral pathogen detection, but the principles are applicable more generally to all types of metagenomics mixtures. The work is implemented as a user friendly R package, available from CRAN: . Pathoscope identified species. Of these are members of the metagenomic community. are the exact same strain, while are either the same species but different strain or same genus but different species. However it fails to detect species that are actually present in the mixture. Tuning the parameter that . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	-9.77270793914795	-1.7906215190887451	6
Beware of asymptomatic transmission: Study on 2019-nCoV prevention and control measures based on extended SEIR model. This study builds a SEIRD model that considers the movement of people across regions, revealing the effects of three measures on controlling the spread of the epidemic.Based on MATLAB R2017a, computational experiments were performed to simulate the epidemic prevention and control measures. China are very necessary. This study further validates the concerns of international and domestic experts regarding asymptomatic transmission (E-status). The results of this study are applicable to explore the impact of the implementation of relevant measures on the prevention and control of epidemic spread, and to identify key individuals that may exist during the spread of the epidemic.	-16.548372268676758	-25.205459594726562	2
Beyond R : the importance of contact tracing when predicting epidemics. The basic reproductive number -R -is one of the most common and most commonly misapplied numbers in public health. Nevertheless, estimating R for every transmissible pathogen, emerging or endemic, remains a priority for epidemiologists the world over. Although often used to compare outbreaks and forecast pandemic risk, this single number belies the complexity that two different pathogens can exhibit, even when they have the same R . Here, we show how predicting outbreak size requires both an estimate of R and an estimate of the heterogeneity in the number of secondary infections. To facilitate rapid determination of outbreak risk, we propose a reformulation of a classic result from random network theory that relies on contact tracing data to simultaneously determine the first moment (R ) and the higher moments (representing the heterogeneity) in the distribution of secondary infections. Further, we show how this framework is robust in the face of the typically limited amount of data for emerging pathogens. Lastly, we demonstrate that without data on the heterogeneity in secondary infections for emerging pathogens like 2019-nCoV, the uncertainty in outbreak size ranges dramatically, in the case of 2019-nCoV from 5-40% of susceptible individuals. Taken together, our work highlights the critical need for contact tracing during emerging infectious disease outbreaks and the need to look beyond R when predicting epidemic size.	-17.160776138305664	-17.324264526367188	5
Biological Evaluation of Molecules of the azaBINOL Class as Antiviral Agents: Specific Inhibition of HIV-1 RNase H Activity by 7-Isopropoxy-8-(naphth-1-yl)quinoline 5. Inspired by bioactive biaryl-containing natural products found in plants and the marine environment, a series of synthetic compounds belonging to the azaBINOL chiral ligand family was evaluated for antiviral activity against HIV-1. Testing of unique azaBINOLs in a single-21 round infectivity assay resulted in the identification of three promising antiviral compounds, including 7-isopropoxy-8-(naphth-1-yl)quinoline (azaBINOL B#24), which exhibited low-23 micromolar activity. The active compounds and several close structural analogues were further tested against three different HIV-1 envelope pseudotyped viruses as well as in a full-virus replication system (EASY-HIT). Mode-of-action studies using a time-of-addition assay indicated that azaBINOL B#24 acts after viral entry but before viral assembly and budding. HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) assays that individually test for polymerase and RNase H activity were used to demonstrate that B#24 inhibits RNase H activity, most likely allosterically. Further binding analysis using bio-layer interferometry (BLI) showed that B#24 interacts with HIV-1 RT in a highly specific manner. These results indicate that azaBINOL B#24 is a potentially viable, novel	17.87759780883789	36.63713073730469	11
Blood single cell immune profiling reveals the interferon-MAPK pathway mediated adaptive immune response for COVID-19. The coronavirus disease outbreak is an ongoing global health emergence, but the pathogenesis remains unclear. We revealed blood cell immune response profiles using 5' mRNA, TCR and BCR V(D)J transcriptome analysis with single-cell resolution. Data from 134,620 PBMCs and 83,387 TCR and 12,601 BCR clones was obtained, and blood cell subtypes and new cell marker genes were identified from participants. The number of specific subtypes of immune cells changed significantly when compared patients with controls. Activation of the interferon-MAPK pathway is the major defense mechanism, but MAPK transcription signaling is inhibited in cured patients. TCR and BCR V(D)J recombination is highly diverse in generating different antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. Therefore, the interferon-MAPK pathway and TCR-and BCR-produced antibodies play important roles in the COVID-19 immune response. Immune deficiency or immune overresponse may result in the condition of patients with COVID-19 becoming critical or severe. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	7.700920104980469	34.41338348388672	0
Bluetongue Virus (BTV) is responsible of the non-contagious arthropod-borne disease Bluetongue (BT) transmitted to ruminants by blood-feeding midges. Despite the fact that BTV has been extensively studied, we still have little understanding of the molecular determinants of BTV virulence. In this report, we found that the virulence protein NS3 interacts with BRAF, a key component of the MAPK/ERK pathway. In response to growth factors, this pathway promotes cell survival, increases protein translation but also contributes to the production of inflammatory cytokines. We showed that BTV-NS3 enhances the MAPK/ERK pathway and this activation is BRAF-dependent. Our results demonstrate, at the molecular level, how a single virulence factor has evolved to target a cellular function to ensure its viral replication. On the other hand, our findings could also explain the deleterious inflammation associated with tissue damages as already observed in severe cases of BT disease.	4.7253289222717285	33.001792907714844	0
Breaking down of healthcare system: Mathematical modelling for controlling the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak in Wuhan, China. A novel coronavirus pneumonia initially identified in Wuhan, China and provisionally named 2019-nCoV has surged in the public. In anticipation of substantial burdens on healthcare system following this human-to-human spread, we aim to scrutinise the currently available information and evaluate the burden of healthcare systems during this outbreak in Wuhan. We applied a modified SIR model to project the actual number of infected cases and the specific burdens on isolation wards and intensive care units (ICU), given the scenarios of different diagnosis rates as well as different public health intervention efficacy. Our estimates suggest, assuming 50% diagnosis rate if no public health interventions were implemented, that the actual number of infected cases could be much higher than the reported, with estimated 88,075 cases (as of st January, 2020), and projected burdens on isolation wards and ICU would be 34,786 and 9,346 respectively The estimated burdens on healthcare system could be largely reduced if at least 70% efficacy of public health intervention is achieved. The health system burdens arising from the actual number of cases infected by the novel coronavirus appear to be considerable if no effective public health interventions were implemented. This calls for continuation of implemented anti-transmission measures (e.g., closure of schools and facilities, suspension of public transport, lockdown of city) and further effective large-scale interventions spanning all subgroups of populations (e.g., universal : bioRxiv preprint -2 -facemask wear) aiming at obtaining overall efficacy with at least 70% to ensure the functioning of and to avoid the breakdown of health system.	-6.260687351226807	-27.810871124267578	2
Breast Cancer Resistance Protein (BCRP/ABCG2) Inhibits Extra Villous Trophoblast Migration: The Impact of Bacterial and Viral Infection. Extravillous trophoblasts (EVT) migration into the decidua is critical for establishing placental perfusion and when dysregulated, may lead to pre-eclampsia (PE) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). The breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP; encoded by ABCG2) regulates the fusion of cytotrophoblasts into syncytiotrophoblasts and protects the fetus from maternally derived xenobiotics. Information about BCRP function in EVTs is limited, however placental exposure to bacterial/viral infection leads to BCRP downregulation in syncitiotrophoblasts. We hypothesized that BCRP is involved in the regulation of EVT function and is modulated by infection/inflammation. We report that besides syncitiotrophoblasts and cytotrophoblasts, BCRP is also expressed in EVTs. BCRP inhibits EVT cell migration in HTR8/SVneo (human EVT-like) cells and in human EVT explant cultures, while not affecting cell proliferation. We have also shown that bacterial-lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-and viral antigens-single stranded RNA (ssRNA)-have a profound effect in downregulating ABCG2 and BCRP levels, whilst simultaneously increasing the migration potential of EVT-like cells. Our study reports a novel function of BCRP in early placentation and suggests that exposure of EVTs to maternal infection/inflammation could disrupt their migration potential via the downregulation of BCRP. This could negatively influence placental development/function, contribute to existing obstetric pathologies, and negatively impact pregnancy outcomes and maternal/neonatal health.	5.143575668334961	31.64711570739746	0
Bulk and single-cell transcriptomics identify tobacco-use disparity in lung gene expression of ACE2, the receptor of 2019-nCov. In current severe global emergency situation of 2019-nCov outbreak, it is imperative to identify vulnerable and susceptible groups for effective protection and care. Recently, studies found that 2019-nCov and SARS-nCov share the same receptor, ACE2. In this study, we analyzed five large-scale bulk transcriptomic datasets of normal lung tissue and two single-cell transcriptomic datasets to investigate the disparities related to race, age, gender and smoking status in ACE2 gene expression and its distribution among cell types. We didn't find significant disparities in ACE2 gene expression between racial groups (Asian vs Caucasian), age groups (>60 vs <60) or gender groups (male vs female). However, we observed significantly higher ACE2 gene expression in former smoker's lung compared to non-smoker's lung. Also, we found higher ACE2 gene expression in Asian current smokers compared to non-smokers but not in Caucasian current smokers, which may indicate an existence of gene-smoking interaction. In addition, we found that ACE2 gene is expressed in specific cell types related to smoking history and location. In bronchial epithelium, ACE2 is actively expressed in goblet cells of current smokers and club cells of non-smokers. In alveoli, ACE2 is actively expressed in remodelled AT2 cells of former smokers. Together, this study indicates that smokers especially former smokers may be more susceptible to 2019-nCov and have infection paths different with non-smokers. Thus, smoking history may provide valuable information in identifying susceptible population and standardizing treatment regimen.	4.605330944061279	4.7847466468811035	11
COMPARATIVE PATHOGENESIS OF COVID-19, MERS AND SARS IN A NON-HUMAN PRIMATE MODEL. A novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, was recently identified in patients with an acute respiratory syndrome, COVID-19. To compare its pathogenesis with that of previously emerging coronaviruses, we inoculated cynomolgus macaques with SARS-CoV-2 or MERS-CoV and compared with historical SARS-CoV infections. In SARS-CoV-2-infected macaques, virus was excreted from nose and throat in absence of clinical signs, and detected in type I and II pneumocytes in foci of diffuse alveolar damage and mucous glands of the nasal cavity. In SARS-CoV-infection, lung lesions were typically more severe, while they were milder in MERS-CoV infection, where virus was detected mainly in type II pneumocytes. These data show that SARS-CoV-2 can cause a COVID-19-like disease, and suggest that the severity of SARS-CoV-2 infection is intermediate between that of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV.	20.164663314819336	8.489764213562012	1
CORONAVIRUS IN PREGNANCY AND DELIVERY: RAPID REVIEW AND EXPERT CONSENSUS. BACKGROUND Person to person spread of COIVD-19 in the UK has now been confirmed. There are limited case series reporting the impact on women affected by coronaviruses (CoV) during pregnancy. In women affected by SARS and MERS, the case fatality rate appeared higher in women affected in pregnancy compared with non-pregnant women. We conducted a rapid, review to guide management of women affected by COVID -19 during pregnancy and developed interim practice guidance with the RCOG and RCPCH to inform maternity and neonatal service planning METHODS Searches were conducted in PubMed and MedRxiv to identify primary case reports, case series, observational studies or randomised-controlled trial describing women affected by coronavirus in pregnancy and on neonates. Data was extracted from relevant papers and the review was drafted with representatives of the RCPCH and RCOG who also provided expert consensus on areas where data were lacking RESULTS From results on PubMed and on MedRxiv, relevant studies (case reports and case series) were identified. There was inconsistent reporting of maternal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes across case reports and series concerning COVID-19, SARS, MERS and other coronaviruses. From reports of women to date affected by COVID-19 in pregnancy, delivering babies, (16%) were asymptomatic, (5%) was admitted to ICU and no maternal deaths have been reported. Deliveries were by caesarean section, by vaginal delivery, (42%) delivered pre-term. There was one neonatal death, in babies who were tested there was no evidence of vertical transmission. CONCLUSIONS Morbidity and mortality from COVID-19 appears less marked than for SARS and MERS, acknowledging the limited number of cases reported to date. Pre-term delivery affected 42% of women hospitalised with COVID-19, which may put considerable pressure on neonatal services if the UK reasonable worse-case scenario of 80% of the population affected is realised. There has been no evidence of vertical transmission to date. The RCOG and RCPCH have provided interim guidance to help maternity and neonatal services plan their response to COVID-19. BACKGROUND The common human coronaviruses; 1. 229E (alpha coronavirus), 2. NL63 (alpha coronavirus), 3. OC43 (beta coronavirus) and 4. HKU1 (beta coronavirus) cause the common cold. Three human coronaviruses cause more severe, acute illnesses; MERS-CoV causes Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, MERS, SARS-CoV causes severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS and SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus that causes COVID-19. There are limited case series reporting the impact on women affected by coronaviruses (CoV) during pregnancy. In women affected by SARS and MERS, the case fatality rate appeared higher in women affected in pregnancy compared with non-pregnant women.	9.402473449707031	-16.00084114074707	7
COVID-19 early warning score: a multi-parameter screening tool to identify highly suspected patients. Effective screening for patients is important to limit the epidemic. However, some defects make the currently applied diagnosis methods are still not very ideal for early warning of patients. We aimed to develop a diagnostic model that allows for the quick screening of highly suspected patients using easy-to-get variables. A total of 1,311 patients receiving severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) nucleicacid detection were included, whom with a positive result were classified into COVID-19 group. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to construct the diagnostic model. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis were used for model validation. RESULTS After analysis, signs of pneumonia on CT, history of close contact, fever, neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), Tmax and sex were included in the diagnostic model. Age and meaningful respiratory symptoms were enrolled into COVID-19 early warning score (COVID-19 EWS). The areas under the ROC curve (AUROC) indicated that both of the diagnostic model (training dataset 0.956 [95%CI 0.935-0.977, P < 0.001]; validation dataset 0.960 [95%CI 0.919-1.0, P < 0.001] ) and COVID-19 EWS (training dataset 0.956 [95%CI 0.934-0.978, P < 0.001] ; validate dataset 0.966 [95%CI 0.929-1, P < 0.001]) had good discrimination capacity. In addition, we also obtained the cut-off values of disease severity predictors, such as CT score, CD8 + T cell count, CD4 + T cell count, and so on. The new developed COVID-19 EWS was a considerable tool for early and relatively accurately warning of SARS-CoV-2 infected patients.	12.654647827148438	-25.566646575927734	9
COVID-19 in Japan: What could happen in the future?. medRxiv preprint COVID-19 has been impacting on the whole world critically and constantly Since December 2019. We have independently developed a novel statistical time delay dynamic model on the basis of the distribution models from CCDC. Based only on the numbers of confirmed cases in different regions in China, the model can clearly reveal that the containment of the epidemic highly depends on early and effective isolation. We apply the model on the epidemic in Japan and conclude that there could be a rapid outbreak in Japan if no effective quarantine measures are carried out immediately.	-5.923890590667725	-24.109655380249023	3
CRISPR-based surveillance for COVID-19 using genomically-comprehensive machine learning design. The emergence and outbreak of SARS-CoV-2, the causative agent of COVID-19, has rapidly become a global concern and has highlighted the need for fast, sensitive, and specific tools to surveil circulating viruses. Here we provide assay designs and experimental resources, for use with CRISPR-based nucleic acid detection, that could be valuable for ongoing surveillance. We provide assay designs for detection of viral species and subspecies, including: SARS-CoV-2, phylogenetically-related viruses, and viruses with similar clinical presentation. The designs are outputs of algorithms that we are developing for rapidly designing nucleic acid detection assays that are comprehensive across genomic diversity and predicted to be highly sensitive and specific. Of our design set, we experimentally screened SARS-CoV-2 designs with a CRISPR-Cas13 detection system and then extensively tested the highest-performing SARS-CoV-2 assay. We demonstrate the sensitivity and speed of this assay using synthetic targets with fluorescent and lateral flow detection. Moreover, our provided protocol can be extended for testing the other provided designs. Assay designs are available at .	0.21778947114944458	-0.6406083703041077	6
Ca 2+ ions promote fusion of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus with host cells and increase infectivity. Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) is a major emerging zoonotic infectious disease. Since its first outbreak in 2012, the virus has repeatedly transmitted from camels to humans with 2,468 confirmed cases, causing deaths. To date, there are no efficacious drugs and vaccines against : bioRxiv preprint MERS-CoV, increasing its potential to cause a public health emergency. A critical step in the life cycle of MERS-CoV is the fusion with the host cell with its spike (S) protein as main determinant of viral entry. Proteolytic cleavage of S exposes its fusion peptide (FP), which initiates membrane fusion. Previous studies on the related severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) FP have shown that calcium (Ca 2+ ) plays an important role for fusogenic activity via a Ca 2+ binding pocket with conserved glutamic acid (E) and aspartic acid (D) residues. SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV FP share a high sequence homology and here, we investigated whether Ca 2+ is required for MERS-CoV fusion by substituting E and D residues in the MERS-CoV FP with neutrally charged alanines. Upon verifying mutant cell surface expression and proteolytic cleavage, we tested the mutants ability to mediate infection of pseudoparticles (PPs) on host cells without and with Ca 2+ . Our results demonstrate that intracellular Ca 2+ enhances MERS-CoV WT PPs infection by approximately two-fold and that E891 is a crucial residue for Ca 2+ interaction. Electron spin resonance revealed that this enhancement could be attributed to Ca 2+ increasing MERS-CoV FP fusion-relevant membrane ordering. Intriguingly, isothermal calorimetry titration showed that MERS-CoV FP binds one Ca 2+ , as opposed to SARS-CoV FP which binds two. Our data suggests that there are significant differences in FP-Ca 2+ interactions of MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV FP despite their high sequence similarity and that the number of Ca 2+ ions interacting with the FP has implications on the fusion dynamics of the virus. dromedary camels [3] [4] [5] . It is currently believed that disease outbreaks in humans result from interactions with dromedary camels. Although transmissions between humans is rare, this route was responsible for a widespread outbreak of MERS-CoV in in South Korea [6] . Moreover, it was demonstrated that MERS-like bat CoV could potentially infect human tissues in the absence of an intermediate host when the respective tissue expresses a protease that is able to prime the virus for fusion [7] . More recently, the World Health Organization (WHO) listed MERS-CoV as one of ten diseases that requires urgent accelerated research and development because of its potential to cause a public health emergency with few or no efficacious drugs and/or vaccines to counter them [8] . To address these needs, it is important to have a more nuanced understanding of MERS-CoV infection process to develop therapeutics to target crucial steps in MERS-CoV infection. The MERS-CoV spike (S) protein contains a receptor binding subunit (S1) and a membrane fusion subunit (S2), which facilitates binding to the host cell surface receptor, dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP4), and fusion with the host cell membrane, respectively [10, 11] . To mediate fusion with the host cell membrane, S needs to be cleaved by either host cell surface proteases or endosomal proteases (such as transmembrane protease serine (TMPRSS2), furin, or cathepsins) [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] . Cleavage can occur at two different sites: the S1 and S2 boundary (S1/S2), and adjacent to a fusion peptide (FP) within the S2 domain (S2') [17, 18] . It is suggested that both cleavage events act in concert to promote membrane fusion and viral infectivity. The first cleavage event takes place at the S1/S2 site, which then is believed to open up the S2' site for further proteolytic processing, resulting in the exposure of the FP. As a consequence, the FP inserts into the host membrane, mediating membrane fusion [19] . MERS-CoV viral fusion can occur at two different locations in the host cell: at the plasma membrane or at the endosomal membrane. Host cell surface proteases, such as TMPRSS2, can cleave MERS-CoV S for entry directly at the plasma membrane [13] . In the absence of cell surface proteases, MERS-CoV is endocytosed,	3.8439998626708984	23.659244537353516	12
Can Search Query Forecast successfully in China's novel coronavirus(2019-nCov)pneumonia?. Recently the novel coronavirus (2019-nCov) pneumonia outbreak in China then the world, and the Number of infections and death continues to increases. Search Query performs well in forecasting the epidemics. It is still a question whether search engine data can forecast the drift and the inflexion in 2019-nCov pneumonia. Based on the Baidu Search Index, we propose three prediction models: composite Index, composite Index with filtering and suspected NCP(Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia). The result demonstrates that the predictive model of composite index with filtering performs the best while the model of suspected NCP has the highest forecast error. We further predict the out-of-the-set NCP confirmed cases and monitor that the next peak of new diagnoses will occur on February th and th .	-2.5438549518585205	-24.437646865844727	3
Can routine laboratory tests discriminate novel coronavirus infected pneumonia from other community-acquired pneumonia?. The clinical presentation of Novel Coronavirus (2019 infected pneumonia (NCIP) resembles that of other etiologies of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP). We aimed to identify clinical laboratory features to distinguish NCIP from CAP. We compared the ability of the hematological and biochemical features of patients with NCIP at hospital admission and patients with CAP. Parameters independently predictive of NCIP were calculated by multivariate logistic regression. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were generated and the area under the ROC curve (AUC) was measured to evaluate the discriminative ability. were significantly different from patients with CAP. Nine laboratory parameters were identified to be highly predictive of a diagnosis of NCIP by multivariate analysis. The AUCs demonstrated good discriminatory ability for red cell distribution width (RDW) with an AUC of 0.88 and Hemoglobin (HGB) with an AUC of 0.82. Red blood cell (RBC), albumin (ALB), eosinophil (EO), hematocrit (HCT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and white blood cell (WBC) had fair discriminatory ability. Combinations of any two parameters performed better than did the RDW alone.	11.602413177490234	-23.842559814453125	7
Candidates in Astroviruses, Seadornaviruses, Cytorhabdoviruses and Coronaviruses for +1 frame overlapping genes accessed by leaky scanning. Background: Overlapping genes are common in RNA viruses where they serve as a mechanism to optimize the coding potential of compact genomes. However, annotation of overlapping genes can be difficult using conventional gene-finding software. Recently we have been using a number of complementary approaches to systematically identify previously undetected overlapping genes in RNA virus genomes. In this article we gather together a number of promising candidate new overlapping genes that may be of interest to the community. Results: Overlapping gene predictions are presented for the astroviruses, seadornaviruses, cytorhabdoviruses and coronaviruses (families Astroviridae, Reoviridae, Rhabdoviridae and Coronaviridae, respectively).	-1.4854944944381714	17.232385635375977	8
Candidiasis and other oral mucosal lesions during and after interferon therapy for HCV-related chronic liver diseases. Background: Oral lichen planus (OLP) is seen frequently in patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. The aim of this study was to evaluate the occurrence of oral candidiasis, other mucosal lesions, and xerostomia during interferon (IFN) therapy for HCV infection. Methods: Of patients with HCV-infected liver diseases treated with IFN therapy in our hospital, (mean age 56.00 ± 12.94 years) who attended to receive administration of IFN once a week were identified and examined for Candida infection and other oral lesions and for the measurement of salivary flow. Serological assays also were carried out. Results: Cultures of Candida from the tongue surfaces were positive in (50.0%) of the patients with HCV infection at least once during IFN therapy. C. albicans was the most common species isolated. The incidence of Candida during treatment with IFN did not increase above that before treatment. Additional oral mucosal lesions were observed in 50.0% (7/14) of patients: OLP in three (21.4%), angular cheilitis in three (21.4%) and recurrent aphthous stomatitis in one (7.1%). OLP occurred in one patient before treatment with IFN, in one during treatment and in one at the end of treatment. 85.7% of the oral lesions were treated with topical steroids. We compared the characteristics of the patients in whom Candida was detected at least once during IFN therapy (group 1) and the patients in whom Candida was not detected during IFN therapy (group 2). The prevalence of oral mucosal lesions (P=0.0075) and incidence of external use of steroids (P=0.0308) in group were significantly higher than in group 2. The average body weight of group decreased significantly compared to group (P=0.0088). Salivary flow decreased in all subjects throughout the course of IFN treatment and returned at th months after the end of treatment. In group 1, the level of albumin at the beginning of the th month of IFN administration was lower than in group (P=0.0550). According to multivariate analysis, one factor, the presence of oral mucosal lesions, was associated with the detection of Candida. The adjusted odds ratio for the factor was 36.00 (95% confidence interval 2.68-1485.94). We should pay more attention to oral candidiasis as well as other oral mucosal lesions, in patients with weight loss during IFN treatment.	20.795177459716797	-17.516067504882812	9
Capturing diverse microbial sequence with comprehensive and scalable probe design. Metagenomic sequencing has the potential to transform microbial detection and characterization, but new tools are needed to improve its sensitivity. We developed CATCH (Compact Aggregation of Targets for Comprehensive Hybridization), a computational method to enhance nucleic acid capture for enrichment of diverse microbial taxa. CATCH designs compact probe sets that achieve full coverage of known sequence diversity and that scale well with this diversity. To illustrate applications of CATCH, we focused on capturing viral genomes. We designed, synthesized, and validated multiple probe sets, including one that targets whole genomes of the viral species known to infect humans. Capture with these probe sets enriched unique viral content on average 18× and allowed us to assemble genomes that we could not otherwise recover, while accurately preserving within-sample diversity. We used this approach to recover genomes from the Lassa fever outbreak in Nigeria and to improve detection of viral infections in samples with unknown content. Together, this work demonstrates a path toward more sensitive, cost-effective metagenomic sequencing.	-6.113497257232666	-2.1941800117492676	6
Carbon Nanocarriers Deliver siRNA to Intact Plant Cells for Efficient Gene. Post-transcriptional gene silencing (PTGS) is a powerful tool to understand and control plant metabolic pathways, which is central to plant biotechnology. PTGS is commonly accomplished through delivery of small interfering RNA (siRNA) into cells. Standard plant siRNA delivery methods (Agrobacterium and viruses) involve coding siRNA into DNA vectors, and are only tractable for certain plant species. Herein, we develop a nanotube-based platform for direct delivery of siRNA, and show high silencing efficiency in intact plant cells. We demonstrate that nanotubes successfully deliver siRNA and silence endogenous genes owing to effective intracellular delivery and nanotubeinduced protection of siRNA from nuclease degradation. This study establishes that nanotubes could enable a myriad of plant biotechnology applications that rely on RNA delivery to intact cells.	19.51801872253418	28.526424407958984	8
Caring for Tuberculosis Patients: Understanding the Plight of Nurses at a Regional Hospital in Limpopo Province, South Africa. Tuberculosis (TB) is a disease which is caused by a relatively large, non-motile, rod-shaped pathogen called Mycobacterium tuberculosis. TB is a major cause of illness and death worldwide, especially in Asia and Africa. Despite the fact that TB is a curable illness, the tragedy is that TB remains the biggest killer in the world as a single pathogen. The aim of this study was to determine the experiences of nurses caring for TB patients at a regional hospital in Limpopo Province, South Africa. Qualitative, exploratory, and descriptive designs were used. A non-probability purposive sampling method was used to select the participants. The personal experiences of six nurses with more than five years' experience caring for TB patients at a regional hospital were explored, and it was guided by data saturation. Data were collected through in-depth individual interviews. Data were analyzed using Colaizzi's method. Trustworthiness was ensured and ethical considerations were observed in this study. The research findings revealed six major themes from the raw data: challenges of the working environment, problems impacting on the quality of nursing care, fear, anxiety, stress and risk of contracting infection, nurses' perceptions towards patients, support structure available in the hospital, and support needs for the nurses. Therefore, there is an urgent need to address the challenges experienced by nurses caring for communicable diseases through provision of a positive practice work environment.	-16.496000289916992	-38.49930191040039	2
Case fatality rate of novel coronavirus disease in China 1. Background: A pandemic of coronavirus disease which have caused more than thousand persons infected globally is still ongoing. This study aims to calculate its case fatality rate (CFR). The method, termed as converged CFR calculation, was based on the formula of dividing the number of known deaths by the number of confirmed cases T days before, where T was an average time period from case confirmation to death. It was found that supposing a T, if it was smaller (bigger) than the true T, calculated CFRs would gradually increase (decrease) to infinitely near the true T with time went on. According to the law, the true T value could be determined by trends of daily CFRs calculated with different assumed T values (left of true T is decreasing, right is increasing). Then the CFR could be calculated.	-8.745798110961914	-24.49442481994629	3
Cases from the ongoing outbreak of atypical pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) exported from mainland China can lead to self-sustained outbreaks in other populations.	20.903297424316406	1.8858805894851685	1
Caution: The clinical characteristics of COVID-19 patients at admission are changing. With the emergence of rd generation transmission, the prevention and treatment of the novel coronavirus disease has entered a new period. We aimed to report several changes in the clinical characteristics at admission of patients with COVID-19. Clinical records and laboratory results of patients suffering from COVID-19 were retrospectively reviewed and matched with the admission dates to analyze the changes in characteristics at the onset of illness. Of the affected patients, [34.8%] patients were admitted from January to 22, and [65.2%] were admitted from January to 29. Patients were admitted with more systemic symptoms, such as fever (21 [67.7%] of 31), fatigue (13 [41.9%] of 31), and myalgia (7 [22.6%] of 31), before January 23. More patients (10 [32.3%] of 31) admitted before January had a small amount of sputum production compared with a smaller proportion (4 [6.9%] of 58) of the patients admitted after January 23. Other symptoms, such as cough, nausea, diarrhea, and chest tightness, were not significantly different between the two groups. In addition, the group admitted before January had a larger proportion of patients with reduced lymphocyte (13 [54.2%] of 24), CD3 (11 [54.4%] of 21), and CD8 (9 [42.9%] of 21) counts and elevated serum amyloid A (SAA, [75%] of 24). The initial symptoms of recently infected patients seem more insidious, indicating that the new coronavirus may gradually evolve into a virus similar to influenza and latent in asymptomatic carriers for a long time.	20.495834350585938	-20.421293258666992	9
Challenges with using names to link digital biodiversity information. The need for a names-based cyber-infrastructure for digital biology is based on the argument that scientific names serve as a standardized metadata system that has been used consistently and near universally for years. As we move towards data-centric biology, name-strings can be called on to discover, index, manage, and analyze accessible digital biodiversity information from multiple sources. Known impediments to the use of scientific names as metadata include synonyms, homonyms, mis-spellings, and the use of other strings as identifiers. We here compare the name-strings in GenBank, Catalogue of Life (CoL), and the Dryad Digital Repository (DRYAD) to assess the effectiveness of the current names-management toolkit developed by Global Names to achieve interoperability among distributed data sources. New tools that have been used here include Parser (to break name-strings into component parts and to promote the use of canonical versions of the names), a modified TaxaMatch fuzzy-matcher (to help manage typographical, transliteration, and OCR errors), and Cross-Mapper (to make comparisons among data sets). The data sources include scientific names at multiple ranks; vernacular (common) names; acronyms; strain identifiers and other surrogates including idiosyncratic abbreviations and concatenations. About 40% of the name-strings in GenBank are scientific names representing about 400,000 species or infraspecies and their synonyms. ‡ § | ¶,# © Patterson D et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY 4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Of the formally-named terminal taxa (species and lower taxa) represented, about 82% have a match in CoL. Using a subset of content in DRYAD, about 45% of the identifiers are names of species and infraspecies, and of these only about a third have a match in CoL. With simple processing, the extent of matching between DRYAD and CoL can be improved to over 90%. The findings confirm the necessity for name-processing tools and the value of scientific names as a mechanism to interconnect distributed data, and identify specific areas of improvement for taxonomic data sources. Some areas of diversity (bacteria and viruses) are not well represented by conventional scientific names, and they and other forms of strings (acronyms, identifiers, and other surrogates) that are used instead of names need to be managed in reconciliation services (mapping alternative name-strings for the same taxon together). On-line resolution services will bring older scientific names up to date or convert surrogate name-strings to scientific names should such names exist. Examples are given of many of the aberrant forms of 'names' that make their way into these databases. The occurrence of scientific names with incorrect authors, such as chresonyms within synonymy lists, is a quality-control issue in need of attention. We propose a future-proofing solution that will empower stakeholders to take advantage of the name-based infrastructure at little cost. This proposed infrastructure includes a standardized system that adopts or creates UUIDs for name-strings, software that can identify name-strings in sources and apply the UUIDs, reconciliation and resolution services to manage the name-strings, and an annotation environment for quality control by users of name-strings. Patterson D et al. Patterson D et al. Patterson D et al. Patterson D et al.	-10.722980499267578	-4.0880231857299805	6
Changes in temperature alter susceptibility to a virus following a Short title: Influence of temperature on virus host shifts 5. Host shifts -where a pathogen jumps between different host species -are an important source of emerging infectious disease. With ongoing climate change there is an increasing need to understand the effect changes in temperature may have on emerging infectious disease. We investigated whether species' susceptibilities change with temperature and ask if susceptibility is greatest at different temperatures in different species. We infected species of Drosophilidae with an RNA virus and measured how viral load changes with temperature. We . CC-BY 4.0	-3.6563851833343506	6.8044819831848145	5
Chaperone-Mediated Autophagy Protein BAG3 Negatively Regulates Ebola and Marburg VP40-Mediated Egress. Ebola (EBOV) and Marburg (MARV) viruses are members of the Filoviridae family which cause outbreaks of hemorrhagic fever. The filovirus VP40 matrix protein is essential for virus assembly and budding, and its PPxY L-domain motif interacts with WW-domains of specific host proteins, such as Nedd4 and ITCH, to facilitate the late stage of virus-cell separation. To identify additional WW-domain-bearing host proteins that interact with VP40, we used an EBOV PPxY-containing peptide to screen an array of mammalian WW-domain-bearing proteins. Using this unbiased approach, we identified BCL2 Associated Athanogene (BAG3), a member of the BAG family of molecular chaperone proteins, as a specific VP40 PPxY interactor. Here, we demonstrate that the WW-domain of BAG3 interacts with the PPxY motif of both EBOV and MARV VP40 and, unexpectedly, inhibits budding of both eVP40 and mVP40 virus-like particles (VLPs), as well as infectious VSV-EBOV recombinants. BAG3 is a stress induced protein that regulates cellular protein homeostasis and cell survival through chaperone-mediated autophagy (CMA). Interestingly, our results show that BAG3 alters the intracellular localization of VP40 by sequestering VP40 away from the plasma membrane. As BAG3 is the first WW-domain interactor identified that negatively regulates budding of VP40 VLPs and infectious virus, we propose that the chaperone-mediated autophagy function of BAG3 represents a specific host defense strategy to counteract the function of VP40 in promoting efficient egress and spread of virus particles. The unprecedented magnitude and scope of the catastrophic 2014-2015 EBOV outbreak in West Africa, and its continued global emergence underscores the urgent need to better understand the biology and pathogenesis of this zoonotic pathogen. We have identified BAG3 as a novel and functional host VP40 interactor that negatively regulates VP40 VLP and virus egress in a PPxY/WW-domain dependent manner. As a cell survival protein and key regulator of chaperone-mediated autophagy (CMA), BAG3 sequesters EBOV and MARV VP40 away from the site of budding at the plasma membrane, and thus may represent a novel host defense strategy to combat filovirus VP40-mediated egress and spread.	1.6779195070266724	27.90268898010254	12
Characteristics of lymphocyte subsets and cytokines in peripheral blood of hospitalized patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) 3. Background: To explore the cellular immunity and cytokines status of NCP patients and to predict the correlation between the cellular immunity levels, cytokines and the severity of patients. Methods: NCP patients were divided into mild and severe groups. Peripheral blood was collected, lymphocyte subsets and cytokines were detected. Correlation analysis was performed on the lymphocyte subsets and cytokines, and the differences between the indexes of the two groups were analyzed. Results: mild and severe patients were included. Lymphocyte subsets were reduced in two groups. The proportion of CD8 + T reduction in the mild and severe group was 28.43% and 61.9%, respectively; The proportion of B cell reduction was 25.49% and 28.57%; The proportion of NK cell reduction was 34.31% and 47.62%; The detection value of IL-6 was in 55.88% of the mild group, mild group has a significantly lower proportion of patients with IL-6 higher than normal than severe group; There was no significant linear correlation between the lymphocyte subsets and cytokines, while significant differences were noticed between the two groups in CD4 + T, CD8 + T, IL-6 and IL-10. Conclusions: Low levels of CD4+T and CD8+T are common in severe NCP. IL-6 and IL-10 levels were higher in severe patients. T cell subsets and cytokines can be used as one of the basis for predicting the transition from mild to severe. Large number of samples are still needed to confirm the "warning value" of CD4 + T, CD8 + T IL-6 and IL-10.	23.206707000732422	-15.584460258483887	9
Characterization of the Filovirus-Resistant Cell Line SH-SY5Y Reveals Redundant Role of Cell Surface Entry Factors. Filoviruses infect a wide range of cell types with the exception of lymphocytes. The intracellular proteins cathepsin B and L, two-pore channel and 2, and bona fide receptor Niemann-Pick Disease C1 (NPC1) are essential for the endosomal phase of cell entry. However, earlier steps of filoviral infection remain poorly characterized. Numerous plasma membrane proteins have been implicated in attachment but it is still unclear which ones are sufficient for productive entry. To define a minimal set of host factors required for filoviral glycoprotein-driven cell entry, we screened twelve cell lines and identified the nonlymphocytic cell line SH-SY5Y to be specifically resistant to filovirus infection. Heterokaryons of SH-SY5Y cells fused to susceptible cells were susceptible to filoviruses, indicating that SH-SY5Y cells do not express a restriction factor but lack an enabling factor critical for filovirus entry. However, all tested cell lines expressed functional intracellular factors. Global gene expression profiling of known cell surface entry factors and protein expression levels of analyzed attachment factors did not reveal any correlation between susceptibility and expression of a specific host factor. Using binding assays with recombinant filovirus glycoprotein, we identified cell attachment as the step impaired in filovirus entry in SH-SY5Y cells. Individual overexpression of attachment factors T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain (TIM-1), Axl, Mer, or dendritic Viruses 2019, 11, of cell-specific intercellular adhesion molecule-3-grabbing non-integrin (DC-SIGN) rendered SH-SY5Y cells susceptible to filovirus glycoprotein-driven transduction. Our study reveals that a lack of attachment factors limits filovirus entry and provides direct experimental support for a model of filoviral cell attachment where host factor usage at the cell surface is highly promiscuous.	4.194239616394043	27.83563804626465	12
Characterization of the SARS-CoV-2 Spike in an Early Prefusion Conformation Running title: SARS-CoV-2 spike in an early prefusion conformation. Pandemic coronavirus disease is caused by the emerging severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), for which there are no efficacious vaccines or therapeutics that are urgently needed. We expressed three versions of spike (S) proteins-receptor binding domain (RBD), S1 subunit and S ectodomain-in insect cells. RBD appears monomer in solutions, whereas S1 and S associate into homotrimer with substantial glycosylation. The three proteins confer excellent antigenicity with six convalescent COVID-19 patient sera. Cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) analyses indicate that the SARS-CoV-2 S trimer dominate in a unique conformation distinguished from the classic prefusion conformation of coronaviruses by the upper S1 region at lower position ~15 Å proximal to viral membrane. Such conformation is proposed as an early prefusion state for the SARS-34 CoV-2 spike that may broaden the knowledge of coronavirus and facilitate vaccine development.	7.221936225891113	17.513837814331055	4
Characterizing the transmission and identifying the control strategy for COVID-19 through epidemiological modeling. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, originating from Wuhan, China in early December, has infected more than 70,000 people in China and other countries and has caused more than 2,000 deaths. As the disease continues to spread, the biomedical society urgently began identifying effective approaches to prevent further outbreaks. Through rigorous epidemiological analysis, we characterized the fast transmission of COVID-19 with a basic reproductive number 5.6 and proved a sole zoonotic source to originate in Wuhan. No changes in transmission have been noted across generations. By evaluating different control strategies through predictive modeling and Monte carlo simulations, a comprehensive quarantine in hospitals and quarantine stations has been found to be the most effective approach. Government action to immediately enforce this quarantine is highly recommended.	-7.768680572509766	-27.715009689331055	3
Chemogenetic evidence that rapid neuronal de novo protein synthesis is required for consolidation of long-term memory Introduction 82. Translational control of memory processes is a tightly regulated process where the coordinated interaction and modulation of translation factors provides a permissive environment for protein synthesis during memory formation. Existing methods used to block translation lack the spatiotemporal precision to investigate cell-49 specific contributions to consolidation of long-term memories. Here, we have developed a novel chemogenetic mouse resource for cell type-specific and drug-inducible protein synthesis inhibition (ciPSI) that utilizes an engineered version of the catalytic kinase domain of dsRNA-activated protein (PKR). ciPSI allows rapid and reversible phosphorylation of eIF2α causing a block on general translation by 50% in vivo. Using this resource, we discovered that temporally structured pan-neuronal protein synthesis is required for consolidation of long-54 term auditory threat memory. Targeted protein synthesis inhibition in CamK2α expressing glutamatergic neurons in lateral amygdala (LA) impaired long-term memory, which was recovered with artificial chemogenetic reactivation at the cost of stimulus generalization. Conversely, genetically reducing phosphorylation of eIF2α in CamK2α positive neurons in LA enhanced memory strength, but was accompanied with reduced memory fidelity and behavior inflexibility. Our findings provide evidence for a finely tuned translation program during consolidation of long-term threat memories. Memory is the capacity of an organism to encode, store, and retrieve information, and often guides the action of the organism towards a better survival outcome. Aversive life-threatening events often lead to long-84 term associative memories between the environment in which those events were experienced in and the threat, such that a salient cue from the event when presented again can elicit species-specific defensive behaviors. Pavlovian cued threat conditioning is a useful experimental paradigm for understanding the biological substrates of an associative threat memory, in which a neutral cue (e.g. light or tone) co-presented with an innately aversive stimulus (e.g. air puff or footshock) elicits a defensive response such as freezing by a repeat presentation by itself . Cued threat conditioning is particularly amenable to studying memory consolidation process because one-trial training is sufficient to form a persistent long-term memory and a unimodal cue can be used for memory retrieval. Long-term aversive memories are thought to recruit a distributed network of neurons across the brain, including subnuclei within amygdala, hippocampus, thalamus, as well as the neocortex, depending on the brain state, cue complexity, and the sensory pathways engaged 2, . Lateral amygdala is the central sensory gateway for the amygdaloid complex and is crucially engaged both in the processing and storage of the associative aversive memories 4, 5, . Decades of studies have reported that consolidation of long-term memories requires one or more waves of new protein synthesis after the memory is first encoded 7, 8, 9, ; however, the use of pharmacological protein synthesis inhibitors (PSI) in these studies is burdened with limitations. For instance, an extensively used PSI, anisomycin, causes unwanted side effects that include superinduction of immediate early genes, activation of stress signaling pathways, and catecholamine release 11, . Pharmacological PSIs also do not discriminate between molecularly heterogeneous cell populations and thus, do not allow manipulation of cell autonomous protein synthesis. Genetic approaches to alter the translation machinery at the initiation step provide less ambiguous evidence for the role of protein synthesis in memory processes 13, . However constitutive deletion of genes encoding translational control molecules lacks the temporal control needed to convincingly interrogate the role of protein synthesis in memory consolidation. Past attempts at making chemogenetic tools for blocking protein synthesis have had limited success . A key regulatory step in mammalian protein synthesis is the assembly of active eIF2.GTP and initiator-110 methionyl tRNA into a ternary complex that binds the 40S ribosome. Various types of cellular stress engage pathway-specific protein kinases that phosphorylate the α subunit of eIF2 on serine 51, which converts eIF2 from a substrate to a competitive inhibitor of eIF2B, a guanine exchange factor that promotes the conversion of inactive eIF2.GDP to active eIF2.GTP. Thus, phosphorylation of eIF2α stops the recycling of the ternary complex and inhibits general translation . However, phosphorylation of eIF2α also leads to a paradoxical increase in gene-specific translation of transcripts harboring upstream open reading frames (uORFs) by overcoming the inhibitory effects of uORFs on reinitiation at the putative start codon as ternary complexes decline . Dephosphorylation of eIF2α occurs during L-LTP as well as during consolidation and reconsolidation	-2.5836408138275146	31.038148880004883	8
Chikungunya nsP2 protease is not a papain-like cysteine protease and the catalytic dyad cysteine is interchangeable with a proximal serine OPEN. Chikungunya virus is the pathogenic alphavirus that causes chikungunya fever in humans. In the last decade millions of cases have been reported around the world from Africa to Asia to the Americas. The alphavirus nsP2 protein is multifunctional and is considered to be pivotal to viral replication, as the nsP2 protease activity is critical for proteolytic processing of the viral polyprotein during replication. Classically the alphavirus nsP2 protease is thought to be papain-like with the enzyme reaction proceeding through a cysteine/histidine catalytic dyad. We performed structurefunction studies on the chikungunya nsP2 protease and show that the enzyme is not papain-like. Characterization of the catalytic dyad cysteine residue enabled us to identify a nearby serine that is catalytically interchangeable with the dyad cysteine residue. The enzyme retains activity upon alanine replacement of either residue but a replacement of both cysteine and serine residues results in no detectable activity. Protein dynamics appears to allow the use of either the cysteine or the serine residue in catalysis. This switchable dyad residue has not been previously reported for alphavirus nsP2 proteases and would have a major impact on the nsP2 protease as an anti-viral target. Chikungunya virus (CHIKV) is mosquito-borne, and a major pathogenic agent that causes chikungunya fever in humans. CHIKV originated in Africa and spread rapidly into Asia and Europe. Within the last years, a number of Chikungunya outbreaks have arisen in various parts of the world . Recently, more than a million suspected and confirmed cases have been reported in the Americas . Although many of the reported cases were from travelers who brought back the disease from the affected countries where they had visited, autochthonous infections were also reported 2-4 . This alphavirus is primarily transmitted by Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquito vectors and humans are an amplifying host . Patients infected with CHIKV will develop symptoms some 3-5 days after infection. Common symptoms are characterized by joint and muscle pain, rash, nausea and headache. The fever and pain may persist for months and occasional fatalities have been reported. The CHIKV genome is comprised of a positive sense single-stranded RNA which contains two open reading frames encoding the non-structural and structural proteins . The non-structural polyprotein precursor, nsP123 or nsP1234, is translated first	2.501909017562866	21.3459415435791	10
China is running a national level antivirus campaign against the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Strict control measures are being enforced in either the populated areas and remote regions. While the virus is closed to be under control, tremendous economic loss has been caused. We assessed the pandemic risk of 2019-nCoV for all cities/regions in China using the random forest algorithm, taking into account the effect of five factors: the accumulative and increased numbers of confirmed cases, total population, population density, and GDP. We defined four levels of the risk, corresponding to the four response levels to public health emergencies in China. The classification system has good consistency among cities in China, as the error rate of the confusion matrix is 1.58%. The pandemic risk of 2019-nCoV is dramatically different among the cities/regions. We recommend to adopt proportionate control policy according to the risk level to reduce unnecessary economic loss.	-3.339705467224121	-25.678958892822266	3
China through a drug-target interaction deep learning model. The infection of a novel coronavirus found in Wuhan of China (2019-nCoV) is rapidly spreading, and the incidence rate is increasing worldwide. Due to the lack of effective treatment options for 2019-nCoV, various strategies are being tested in China, including drug repurposing. In this study, we used our pretrained deep learning-based drug-target interaction model called Molecule Transformer-Drug Target Interaction (MT-DTI) to identify commercially available drugs that could act on viral proteins of 2019-nCoV. The result showed that atazanavir, an antiretroviral medication used to treat and prevent the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), is the best chemical compound, showing a inhibitory potency with Kd of 94.94 nM against the 2019-nCoV 3C-like proteinase, followed by efavirenz (199.17 nM), ritonavir (204.05 nM), and dolutegravir (336.91 nM). Interestingly, lopinavir, ritonavir, and darunavir are all designed to target viral proteinases. However, in our prediction, they may also bind to the replication complex components of 2019-nCoV with an inhibitory potency with Kd < nM. In addition, we also found that several antiviral agents, such as Kaletra, could be used for the treatment of 2019-nCoV, although there is no real-world evidence supporting the prediction. Overall, we suggest that the list of antiviral drugs identified by the MT-DTI model should be considered, when establishing effective treatment strategies for 2019-nCoV.	13.803326606750488	13.897932052612305	4
Chronic infections can shape epidemic exposure: Pathogen co-occurrence networks in the Serengeti lions. Pathogens are embedded in a complex network of microparasites that can collectively or individually alter disease dynamics and outcomes. Chronic pathogens, for example, can either facilitate or compete with subsequent pathogens thereby exacerbating morbidity and mortality. Pathogen interactions are ubiquitous in nature, but poorly understood, particularly in wild populations. We report here on ten years of serological and molecular data in African lions, leveraging comprehensive demographic and behavioral data to utilize pathogen networks to test if chronic infections shape infection by acute pathogens. We combine network and community ecology approaches to assess broad network structure and characterize associations between pathogens across spatial and temporal scales. We found significant non-random structure in the lion-pathogen co-occurrence network and identified potential facilitative and competitive interactions between acute and chronic pathogens. Our results provide a novel insight for untangling the complex associations underlying pathogen co-occurrence networks.	-4.972021579742432	5.208153247833252	5
Citation: MLKL Mediated Necroptosis Accelerates JEV-Induced Neuroinflammation in Mice. Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) is the most prevalent cause of viral encephalitis in Asia and the western Pacific. Neuronal death caused by JEV infection and inflammation induced cytotoxicity leads to progression and deterioration of Japanese encephalitis (JE). Mixed-lineage kinase domain-like protein (MLKL) mediated necroptosis is a newly discovered pathway of programmed cell death and participates in many inflammatory diseases. In this study, we demonstrated for the first time that necroptosis was involved in the neuronal loss during JE via immune-electron microscopy and immunochemistry. The expression of MLKL in neurons was upregulated in presence of JEV infection in vitro and in vivo. Deletion of MLKL alleviated the progression of JE and decreased the level of inflammatory cytokines in mice model. Taken together, this study provides evidence for the participation of necroptosis in the pathogenesis of JEV infection.	7.040713787078857	37.86297607421875	0
Classification of viral zoonosis through receptor pattern analysis. Background: Viral zoonosis, the transmission of a virus from its primary vertebrate reservoir species to humans, requires ubiquitous cellular proteins known as receptor proteins. Zoonosis can occur not only through direct transmission from vertebrates to humans, but also through intermediate reservoirs or other environmental factors. Viruses can be categorized according to genotype (ssDNA, dsDNA, ssRNA and dsRNA viruses). Among them, the RNA viruses exhibit particularly high mutation rates and are especially problematic for this reason. Most zoonotic viruses are RNA viruses that change their envelope proteins to facilitate binding to various receptors of host species. In this study, we sought to predict zoonotic propensity through the analysis of receptor characteristics. We hypothesized that the major barrier to interspecies virus transmission is that receptor sequences vary among species-in other words, that the specific amino acid sequence of the receptor determines the ability of the viral envelope protein to attach to the cell. Results: We analysed host-cell receptor sequences for their hydrophobicity/hydrophilicity characteristics. We then analysed these properties for similarities among receptors of different species and used a statistical discriminant analysis to predict the likelihood of transmission among species. Conclusions: This study is an attempt to predict zoonosis through simple computational analysis of receptor sequence differences. Our method may be useful in predicting the zoonotic potential of newly discovered viral strains.	-2.3454713821411133	7.302978515625	10
Clinical Characteristics of Asymptomatic Infections with COVID-19 Screened among Close Contacts in Nanjing, China School of Public Health (. The asymptomatic carriers identified from close contacts were prone to be mildly ill during hospitalization. However, the communicable period could be up to three weeks and the communicated patients could develop severe illness. These results highlighted the importance of close contact tracing and longitudinally surveillance via virus nucleic acid tests. Further isolation recommendation and continuous nucleic acid tests may also be recommended to the patients discharged. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	6.013203144073486	-22.80194854736328	2
Clinical Characteristics of Children with Coronavirus Disease-2019 in the West of China: a Multiple-center Case Series. Background Up to March, 2020, patients were diagnosed with	12.837630271911621	-14.79302978515625	7
Clinical Characteristics of Patients with Severe Pneumonia Caused by the Novel Coronavirus in Wuhan, China Title: The clinical characteristics of novel coronavirus severe pneumonia *Corresponding Author. Background: A new virus broke out in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and was later named novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). The clinical characteristics of severe pneumonia caused by 2019-nCoV are still not clear. Objectives: The aim of this study was to explore the clinical characteristics and risk factors of the severe pneumonia caused by the 2019-nCoV in Wuhan, China. Method: The study included patients hospitalized at the central hospital of Wuhan who had been diagnosed with a pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus. Clinical features, chronic co-8 morbidities, demographic data, laboratory examinations, and chest computed tomography (CT) scans were reviewed through electronic medical records. SPSS was used for data analysis to explore the clinical characteristics and risk factors of the patients with the severe pneumonia.	14.348902702331543	-15.498071670532227	7
Clinical Characteristics of SARS-CoV-2 Pneumonia Compared to Controls in Chinese Han Population. Background In December 2019, novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infected pneumonia occurred in Wuhan, China. The number of cases has increased rapidly but information on the clinical characteristics of SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia without comorbidities compared to normal controls in Chinese Han population is limited. Our objective is to describe the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia without comorbidities compared to normal controls in the Chinese Han population. Methods Retrospective, multi-center case series of the consecutive hospitalized patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia, The study population included hospitalized patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia without comorbidities and 14,117 normal controls. 50.7% patients were male and 49.3% were female; 1.5% patients were asymptomatic cases, 63.8% patients were mild cases, and 36.2% patients were severe or critical cases. Compared with mild patients (n=44), severe or critical patients (n=25) were significantly older (median age, years [IQR, vs. years [IQR, 36-60]; p<0.01). Fever was present in 98.6% of the patients. The second most common symptom was cough (62.3%), fatigue (58.0%), sputum (39.1%), and headache (33.3%). The median incubation period was days (IQR, to 7). Leukocyte count was 74.1% of normal controls and lymphocyte count was 45.9% of normal controls. The phenomenon of lymphocyte depletion (PLD) observed in severe or critical cases in 100%. Levels of lactate dehydrogenase, D-dimer, procalcitonin, and interleukin-6 were showed significant differences between mild and severe or critical cases. Chest computed tomographic scans showed bilateral patchy patterns (49.3%), local patchy shadowing (29.0%), and ground glass opacity (21.7%). 7.3% patients were diagnosed ARDS, 7.3% patients were diagnosed acute cardiac injury (troponin I >28 pg/mL) and 4.4% patients were diagnosed fungal infections or shock. 4.3% patients have been discharged; 1.5% patient had died; 1.5% patient had recovery. Conclusions In this multicenter case series of patients without comorbidities, the full author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint spectrum of asymptomatic, mild, severe, and critical cases is described. 50.7% patients were male and 49.3% were female; 1.5% patients were asymptomatic cases, 63.8% patients were mild cases, and 36.2% patients were severe or critical cases. 4.3% patients have been discharged; 1.5% patient had died; 1.5% patient had recovery. Among the patients with severe or critical disease, 12.0% patients were underwent non-invasive mechanical ventilation, 8.0% patients underwent invasive mechanical ventilation, and 4.0% patients died. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	18.89960289001465	-20.480186462402344	9
Clinical Characteristics of Two Human to Human Transmitted Coronaviruses: Corona Virus Disease versus Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus. After the outbreak of the middle east respiratory syndrome (MERS) worldwide in 2012. Currently, a novel human coronavirus has caused a major disease outbreak, and named corona virus disease . The emergency of MRES-COV and COVID-19 has caused global panic and threatened health security. Unfortunately, the similarities and differences between the two coronavirus diseases remain to be unknown. The aim of this study, therefore, is to perform a systematic review to compare epidemiological, clinical and laboratory features of COVID-19 and MERS-COV population. We searched PubMed, EMBASE and Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials database to identify potential studies reported COVID-19 or MERS-COV. Epidemiological, clinical and laboratory outcomes, the admission rate of intensive cure unit (ICU), discharge rate and fatality rate were evaluated using GraphPad Prism software. Thirty-two studies involving patients (COVID-19 = 1062, MERS-COV = 2708) were included in this study. The present study revealed that compared with COVID-19 population, MERS-COV population had a higher rate of ICU admission, discharge and fatality and longer incubation time. It pointed out that fever, cough and generalised weakness and myalgia were main clinical manifestations of both COVID-19 and MERS-COV, whereas ARDS was main complication. The most effective drug for MERS-COV is ribavirin and interferon.	9.33340072631836	-15.650938034057617	7
Clinical Characteristics on Discharged Patients with COVID-19 Virus Returning. Here we report the clinical features of discharged patients with COVID-19 recovery. Our analysis indicated that there was a significant inverse correlation existed between serum D-Dimer level and the duration of antiviral treatment, while lymphocyte concentration significantly positively correlated with the duration of virus reversal.	11.38865852355957	-19.471532821655273	7
Clinical Data on Hospital Environmental Hygiene Monitoring and Medical Staff Protection during the Coronavirus Disease Outbreak.	-24.12959098815918	-36.6796760559082	1
Clinical Features and Factors Associated with Outcomes of Patients Infected with a Novel Influenza A (H7N9) Virus: A Preliminary Study. Objective: The present study aimed to analyze clinical features and factors associated with treatment outcomes of H7N9 influenza A virus infection. Methods: The clinical progress in H7N9-infected patients was monitored and recorded. The clinical features of H7N9 infection were noted and factors associated with treatment outcomes were analyzed by univariate analyses. The average ages of patients in recovered and critical conditions were 67.0610.83 years and 72.75612.0 years, respectively. Renal insufficiency developed more frequently in critically ill patients (P = 0.023). The duration of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) therapy was longer in recovered patients than in critically ill patients (P = 0.01). Laboratory tests showed that levels of C-reactive protein, serum creatinine, and myoglobin were significantly higher in critically ill patients than in recovered patients (P = 0.011, 0.04, and 0.016, respectively). Meanwhile, levels of all T cell subsets examined including total CD3 + , CD4 + , CD8 + , and CD45 + T cells were lower in critically ill patients than in recovered patients (P = 0.033, 0.059, 0.015, and 0.039, respectively). Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that C-reactive protein level, myoglobin level and TCM therapy duration were likely associated with treatment outcomes of H7N9 infection (P = 0.032, 0.041 and 0.017, respectively). Conclusion: Elderly people may have increased risk for H7N9 virus infection. T cell-mediated responses play an important role in defense against the H7N9 virus. C-reactive protein level, myoglobin level and TCM duration may be associated with treatment outcomes of H7N9 infection. Citation: Chen X, Yang Z, Lu Y, Xu Q, Wang Q, et al. (2013) Clinical Features and Factors Associated with Outcomes of Patients Infected with a Novel Influenza A (H7N9) Virus: A Preliminary Study. PLoS ONE 8(9): e73362.	21.5078125	-18.785049438476562	9
Clinical Features and Factors Associated with Severity and Fatality among Patients with Severe Fever with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome Bunyavirus Infection in Northeast China. In 2009, severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus (SFTSV) was identified as a novel member of the genus phlebovirus in the Bunyaviridae family in China. The detailed clinical features of cases with SFTSV infection have not been well described, and the risk factors for severity among patients and fatality among severe patients remain to be determined. Clinical and laboratory features of hospitalized patients with SFTSV infection during the period from June to December in Northeast China were retrospectively reviewed. We assessed the risk factors associated with severity in confirmed cases and fatality in severe cases by multivariate analysis. One hundred and three (89.6%) of patients presented with multiple organ dysfunction, and (19.1%) of proceeded to the stage of life threatening multiple organ failure. Of the patients, fatalities (12.2%) were reported. Multivariate analysis demonstrated that the independent predictors of risk for severity were: albumin ≤30 g/l (OR, 8.09; 95% CI, 2.58-25.32), APTT ≥ seconds (OR, 14.28; 95% CI, 3.28-62.24), sodium ≤130 mmol/l (OR, 5.44; 95% CI, 1.38-21.40), and presence of neurological manifestations (OR, 7.70; 95% CI, 1.91-31.12). Among patients with severe disease, presence of acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome (HR, 4.59; 95% CI, 1. 48-14.19) and disseminated intravascular coagulation (HR, 4.24; 95% CI, 1.38-13.03) were independently associated with fatality. Conclusions/Significance: SFTSV infection may present with more severe symptoms and laboratory abnormalities than hitherto reported. Due to infection with a novel bunyavirus, the patients may sufferer multiple organ dysfunction and die of multiple organ failure. In the clinical assessment of any case of SFTS, independent factors relating to prognosis need to be taken into account by clinicians.	20.385780334472656	-23.306528091430664	9
Clinical Features of COVID-19-Related Liver Damage. with rapidly increasing the number of cases (namely . Abnormal liver functions are frequently present in these patients, here we aimed to clarify the clinical features of COVID-19-related liver damage to provide some references for the clinical treatment. A total of cases were analyzed for clinical features, laboratory parameters (including liver function tests), medications and the length of stay. Of confirmed SARS-CoV-2-infected patients, 49.3% were females and 50.7% were males. The median age was 50.5 years (interquartile range, 36-64). Patients had clinical manifestations of fever (70.1%), cough (45.3%), expectoration (26.7%) at admission. patients (50.7%) showed abnormal liver functions at admission. Patients (n = 75) who had elevated liver function index were more likely to have a moderate-high degree fever (44% vs 27.4%; p = 0.035) and significantly present in male patients (62.67% vs 38.36%; p = 0.005). The numbers of CD4 + and CD8 + T cells were significantly lower in abnormal liver function group than those in normal liver function group. There was no statistical difference in prehospital medications between normal and abnormal liver function groups, while the utilization rate of lopinavir/ritonavir after admission was significantly higher in patients with emerging . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	18.952167510986328	-19.907711029052734	9
Clinical Features of Patients Infected with the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Shanghai, China. Background: Since mid-December 2019, a cluster of pneumonia-like diseases caused by a novel coronavirus, now designated COVID-19 by the WHO, emerged in Wuhan city and rapidly spread throughout China. Here we identify the clinical characteristics of COVID-19 in a cohort of patients in Shanghai. Methods: Cases were confirmed by real-time RT-PCR and were analysed for demographic, clinical, laboratory and radiological features. Of patients, the median duration from disease onset to hospital admission was days. The mean age of the patients was 50.1 years, and 51.0% patients were male. The most common symptom was fever. Less than half of the patients presented with respiratory systems including cough, sputum production, itchy or sore throat, shortness of breath, and chest congestion. 5.6% patients had diarrhoea. On admission, T lymphocytes were decreased in 45.8% patients. Ground glass opacity was the most common radiological finding on chest computed tomography. 9.6% were admitted to the ICU because of the development of organ dysfunction. Compared with patients not treated in ICU, patients treated in the ICU were older, had longer waiting time to admission, fever over 38.5 o C, dyspnoea, reduced T lymphocytes, elevated neutrophils and organ failure. In this single centre cohort of COVID-19 patients, the most common symptom was fever, and the most common laboratory abnormality was decreased blood T cell counts. Older age, male, fever over 38.5 o C, symptoms of dyspnoea, and underlying comorbidity, were the risk factors most associated with severity of disease. We obtained epidemiological, demographic, clinical, laboratory and management data from the medical records of patients infected with SARS-Cov-2. On Jan 20, 2020, the first human case of in Shanghai was confirmed. Since then all hospitals in Shanghai have opened special fever clinics to screen suspected patients, and laboratory confirmed patients were then admitted to a single designated hospital in Shanghai (Shanghai Public Health Clinical Centre). Laboratory confirmation of COVID-19 was done by the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention. Throat-swab specimens from the upper respiratory tract were obtained from all patients at admission and maintained in viral transport medium. COVID-19 was confirmed by real-time RT-PCR using the same protocol as described previously . Confirmed patients were hospitalized into negative pressure wards for further medical observation and treatment. We collected data from patients who were admitted from Jan. up to Feb. 15. All the data collected from the included cases have been shared with the WHO. Data Collection. Epidemiological exposure data, patient characteristics, clinical symptoms, laboratory and imaging findings and medical history were extracted from electronic medical records and analysed by licensed physicians. Laboratory data were recorded in standardized form. Initial investigations included a complete blood count, routine urinalysis, blood gases, coagulation function, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum biochemical testing (including renal and liver function, serum lactate, lactate dehydrogenase, and electrolytes). To characterize the effect of coronavirus on the immune system, immunologic factors including serum immunoglobulin, complements, cytokines, rheumatoid factor (RF) and T cell and leukocyte subpopulations were analysed by flow cytometry. Non-laboratory information, including patient characteristics, epidemiological and medical history, were obtained and recorded by licensed physicians from direct interviews of patients and their relatives. Two researchers independently reviewed the data collection forms to review the data extracted. Written informed author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	15.0554838180542	-18.90196418762207	7
Clinical and Laboratory Profiles of Hospitalized Patients with Novel.	11.808945655822754	-18.463584899902344	7
Clinical and radiographic features of cardiac injury in patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia. Objective: To investigate the correlation between clinical characteristics and cardiac injury of COVID-2019 pneumonia.	12.285943031311035	-17.97431755065918	7
Clinical characteristics of death cases with COVID-19. A recently developing pneumonia caused by SARS-CoV-2 was originated in Wuhan, China, and has quickly spread across the world. We reported the clinical characteristics of death cases with COVID-19 in a single center. Clinical data on death cases laboratory-confirmed as SARS-CoV-2 infection were obtained from a Wuhan local hospital's electronic medical records according to previously designed standardized data collection forms. Results: All patients were local residents of Wuhan, and the great proportion of them were diagnosed as severe illness when admitted. Most of the death cases were male (65.9%). More than half of dead patients were older than years (80.5%) and the median age was 72.5 years. The bulk of death cases had comorbidity (76.8%), including hypertension (56.1%), heart disease (20.7%), diabetes (18.3%), cerebrovascular disease (12.2%), and cancer (7.3%). Respiratory failure remained the leading cause of death (69.5%), following by sepsis syndrome/MOF (28.0%), cardiac failure (14.6%), hemorrhage (6.1%), and renal failure (3.7%). Furthermore, respiratory, cardiac, hemorrhage, hepatic, and renal damage were found in 100%, 89%, 80.5%, 78.0%, and 31.7% of patients, respectively. On the admission, lymphopenia (89.2%), neutrophilia (74.3%), and thrombocytopenia (24.3%) were usually observed. Most patients had a high neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio of >5 (94.5%), high systemic immune-inflammation index of >500 (89.2%), increased C-reactive protein level (100%), lactate dehydrogenase (93.2%), and D-dimer (97.1%). A high level of IL-6 (>10 pg/ml) was observed in all detected patients. Median time from initial symptom to death was days , and a significant association between aspartate aminotransferase (p=0.002), alanine author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint aminotransferase (p=0.037) and time from initial symptom to death were interestingly observed. Older males with comorbidities are more likely to develop severe disease, even die from SARS-CoV-2 infection. Respiratory failure is the main cause of COVID-19, but either virus itself or cytokine release storm mediated damage to other organ including cardiac, renal, hepatic, and hemorrhage should be taken seriously as well.	19.51422882080078	-20.786331176757812	9
Clinical characteristics of death cases with COVID-19: a retrospective review of medical records in a single medical center. confirmed and patients have died from the disease. However, the clinical characteristics of the dyed patients were still not clearly clarified. This study aims to summarize the clinical characteristics of death cases with COVID-19 and to identify critically ill patients of COVID-19 early and reduce their mortality. The clinical records, laboratory findings and radiologic assessments included chest X-ray or computed tomography were extracted from electronic medical records of died patients with COVID-19 in Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University from Jan to Feb 13, 2020. Two experienced clinicians reviewed and abstracted the data. The mean age of the dead was 71.48 ± 12.42 years, the average course of the disease was 10.56 ± 4.42 days, all patients eventually died of respiratory failure. All of those who died had underlying diseases, the most common of which was hypertension (16/25, 64%), followed by diabetes (10/25, 40%), heart diseases (8/25, 32%), kidney diseases (5/25, 20%), cerebral infarction (4/25, 16%), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD, 2/25, 8%), malignant tumors (2/25, 8%) and acute pancreatitis (1/25, 4%). The most common organ damage outside the lungs was the heart, followed by kidney and liver. In the patients' last examination before death, white blood cell and neutrophil counts were elevated in patients (17/25, 68%) and patients (18/25, 72%), lymphocyte counts were decreased in patients (22/25, 88%). Most patients' PCT, CRP and SAA levels were elevated, the percentages were 90.5% (19/21), 85% (19/20) and 100% (21/21) respectively. The levels of the last test of neutrophils (15/16, 93.8%), PCT (11/11, 100%), CRP (11/13, 84.6%), cTnI (8/9, 88.9%), D-Dimer (11/12, 91.6%) and LDH (9/9, 100%) were increased as compared to the first test, while the levels of lymphocytes were decreased (14/16, 87.5%). Interpretation The age and underlying diseases (hypertension, diabetes, etc.) were the most author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	21.011211395263672	-20.745651245117188	9
Clinical characteristics of novel coronavirus infection in China. Background: Since December 2019, acute respiratory disease (ARD) due to novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) emerged in Wuhan city and rapidly spread throughout China. We sought to delineate the clinical characteristics of these cases. We extracted the data on 1,099 patients with laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV ARD from hospitals in provinces/provincial municipalities through January th , 2020. The median age was 47.0 years, and 41.90% were females. Only 1.18% of patients had a direct contact with wildlife, whereas 31.30% had been to Wuhan and 71.80% had contacted with people from Wuhan. Fever (87.9%) and cough (67.7%) were the most common symptoms. Diarrhea is uncommon. The median incubation period was 3.0 days (range, to 24.0 days). On admission, ground-glass opacity was the typical radiological finding on chest computed tomography (50.00%). Significantly more severe cases were diagnosed by symptoms plus reverse-transcriptase polymerase-chain-reaction without abnormal radiological findings than non-severe cases (23.87% vs. 5.20%, P<0.001). Lymphopenia was observed in 82.1% of patients. patients (5.00%) were . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 admitted to intensive care unit and (1.36%) succumbed. Severe pneumonia was independently associated with either the admission to intensive care unit, mechanical ventilation, or death in multivariate competing-risk model (sub-distribution hazards ratio, 9.80; 95% confidence interval, 4.06 to 23.67). The 2019-nCoV epidemic spreads rapidly by human-to-human transmission. Normal radiologic findings are present among some patients with 2019-nCoV infection. The disease severity (including oxygen saturation, respiratory rate, blood leukocyte/lymphocyte count and chest X-ray/CT manifestations) predict poor clinical outcomes. Abstract: words; main text: words : medRxiv preprint The percentages of patients being admitted to the ICU, requiring invasive ventilation and death were 5.00%, 2.18% and 1.36%, respectively. This corresponded to (6.10%) of patients having reached to the composite endpoint ( Table 3) . Results of the univariate competing risk model are shown in Table E1 in Supplementary Appendix. Severe pneumonia cases (SDHR, 9.803; 95%CI, 4.06 to 23.67), leukocyte count greater than 4,000/mm (SDHR, 4.01; 95%CI, 1.53 to 10.55) and interstitial abnormality on chest X-ray (SDHR, 4.31; 95%CI, 1.73 to 10.75) were associated with the composite endpoint (Fig. , see Table E2 in Supplementary Appendix). Sensitivity analyses are shown in Figure E2 in Supplementary Appendix. This study has shown that fever occurred in only 43.8% of patients with 2019-nCoV ARD on presentation but developed in 87.9% following hospitalization. Severe pneumonia occurred in 15.7% of cases. No radiologic abnormality was noted on initial presentation in 23.9% and 5.2% of severe and non-severe cases respectively while diarrhea was uncommon. The median incubation period of 2019-nCoV ARD was 3.0 days and it had a relatively lower fatality rate than SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. Disease severity independently predicted the composite endpoint. Our study provided further evidence of human-to-human transmission. Around only 1% of patients had a direct contact with wildlife, while more than three quarters were local residents of Wuhan, or had contacted with people from Wuhan. Most cases were recruited after January st , 2020.	18.065942764282227	-21.310306549072266	9
Clinical characteristics of patients with 2019-nCoV infection. Objective: We aim to summarize reliable evidences of evidence-based medicine for the treatment and prevention of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) by analyzing all the published studies on the clinical characteristics of patients with 2019-nCoV. Methods: PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, and other databases were searched. Several studies on the clinical characteristics of 2019-nCoV infection were collected for Meta-analysis. Results: Ten studies were included in Meta-analysis, including a total number of patients with 2019-nCoV infection. Meta-analysis shows that, among these patients, the incidence of fever was 89.1%, the incidence of cough was 72.2%, and the incidence of muscle soreness or fatigue was 42.5%. The incidence of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) was 14.8%, the incidence of abnormal chest computer tomography (CT) was 96.6%, the percentage of severe cases in all infected cases was 18.1%, and the case fatality rate of patients with 2019-nCoV infection was 4.3%. Conclusion: Fever and cough are the most common symptoms in patients with 2019-nCoV infection, and most of these patients have abnormal chest CT examination. Several people have muscle soreness or fatigue as well as ARDS. Diarrhea, hemoptysis, headache, sore throat, shock, and other symptoms only occur in a small number of patients. The case fatality rate of patients with 2019-nCoV infection is lower than that of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS).	15.669901847839355	-17.463375091552734	7
Clinical characterization and chest CT findings in laboratory-confirmed COVID-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Background: Imagery techniques have been used as essential parts of diagnostic workup for patients suspected for 2019-nCoV infection, Multiple studies have reported the features of chest computed tomography (CT) scans among a number of 2019-nCoV patients. Method: Study Identification was carried out in databases (PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Library) to identify published studies examining the diagnosis, the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Heterogeneity among reported prevalence was assessed by computing p-values of Cochrane Q-test and I -statics. The pooled prevalence of treatment failure was carried out with a fixed effects meta-analysis model, generating the pooled 95% confidence interval. A random-effect model was used to pool the results since this model could incorporate the heterogeneity of the studies and therefore proved a more generalized result. Results: According to the combined results of meta-analysis, the total 55% of corona patients were males. The mean age of the patients was 41.31 (34.14, 48.47). Two prevalent clinical symptoms between patients were fever, cough with prevalence of 85%, and 62%, respectively. Either Ground Glass Opacity GGO or consolidation was seen in 86% but 14% had NO GGO or consolidation. The other rare CT symptoms were pericardial effusion, and pleural effusion with 4, 5, 7% prevalence, respectively. The most prevalent event was Either GGO or consolidation in 85% of patients.	15.548149108886719	-24.017568588256836	7
Clinical features and outcomes of patients with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China. Pan and ZY Peng are cocorresponding authors. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. Rationale: In late December 2019, an outbreak of acute respiratory illness, now officially named as COVID-19, or coronavirus disease 2019, emerged in Wuhan, China, now spreading across the whole country and world. More data were needed to understand the clinical characteristics of the disease. To study the epidemiology, clinical features and outcomes of patients with COVID-19. Methods: we performed a single center, retrospective case series study in patients with laboratory confirmed SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia at a university hospital. The median age was 55.0 years and 48.9% were male and only (3.6%) patients had a history of exposure to the Huanan Seafood Market. Compared to the non-severe pneumonia patients, the median age of the severe patients was significantly older, and they were more likely to have chronic comorbidities. Most common symptoms in severe patients were high fever, anorexia and dyspnea. On admission, 33.0% patients showed leukopenia and 73.8% showed lymphopenia. In addition, the severe patients suffered a higher rate of co-infections with bacteria or fungus and they were more likely to developing complications. As of February 15, 2020, 19.0% patients had been discharged and 5.4% patients died. 80% of severe cases received ICU care, and 52.3% of them transferred to the general wards due to relieved symptoms, and the mortality rate of severe patients in ICU was 20.5%. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint Conclusions: The COVID-19 epidemic spreads rapidly by human-to-human transmission. Patients with elder age, chronic comorbidities, blood leukocyte/lymphocyte count, procalcitonin level, co-infection and severe complications might increase the risk of poor clinical outcomes. Abstract: words	15.709569931030273	-19.49875259399414	7
Clinical features and sexual transmission potential of SARS-CoV-2 infected female patients: a descriptive study in Wuhan, China. Background: As of March 2, 2020, SARS-CoV-2 has infected more than people and caused deaths in China. This virus rapidly spreads to countries worldwide. Thus, in order to effectively block its transmission, it is urgent to uncover all the possible transmission routes of SARS-CoV-2. Methods: From January to February 18, 2020, female patients diagnosed with COVID-19 in Tongji Hospital were included in this descriptive study. The gynecologic history, clinical characteristics, laboratory findings and chest computed tomography (CT) of all patients were recorded in detail. To examine whether there is sexual transmission through vaginal from female to her partner, we employed realtime polymerase chain reaction testing (RT-PCR) to detect SARS-CoV-2 in vaginal environment (including vaginal discharge, cervical or vaginal residual exfoliated cells) and anal swab samples, and inquired recent sexual behaviors from the patients. Findings: The age range of the patients with COVID-19 was 37-88 years. Over 50% patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 had chronic diseases. We tested the vaginal environment and anal swabs from the female patients with COVID-19 and found that only an anal swab sample from one patient was positive for SARS-CoV-2. All the samples from vaginal environment were negative for SARS-CoV-2. The infection rate of the patients' sexual partner was 42·9%. Additionally, two female patients admitted having sex with their partners during a possible infection incubation period, while one patient's partner was uninfected and the other patient's partner was diagnosed with COVID-19 (after the diagnosis of the female patient). Conclusion: No positive RT-PCR result was found in the vaginal environment perhaps due to the lack of ACE2 expression, which is the receptor of SARS-CoV-2, in the vagina and cervix tissues (human protein atlas). The results from this study show no evidence of transmission of SARS-CoV-2 through vaginal sex from female to her partner. However, the risk of infection of non vaginal sex and other intimate contacts during vaginal sex should not be ignored.	11.311565399169922	-12.335947036743164	7
Clinical features of imported cases of coronavirus disease in Tibetan patients in the Plateau area. Coronavirus disease , caused by SARS-CoV-2, has rapidly spread throughout China, but the clinical characteristics of Tibetan patients living in the Qinghai-Tibetan plateau are unknown. We aimed to investigate the epidemiological, clinical, laboratory and radiological characteristics of these patients. We included Tibetan patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection. The patients were divided into two groups based on the presence of clinical symptoms at admission, with and patients in the symptomatic and asymptomatic groups, respectively. The epidemiological, clinical, laboratory and radiological characteristics were extracted and the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is . doi: medRxiv preprint analysed. No patient had a history of exposure to COVID-19 patients from Wuhan or had travelled to Wuhan. The mean age of Tibetan patients was 39.3 years and 59% of the patients were male. Seven patients presented with fever on admission and lymphocytopenia was present in patients. patients had abnormal chest CTs at admission instead of stating that were unchanged. Lactate dehydrogenase levels were increased in patients. Seven patients progressed to severe COVID-19; however, after treatment, their condition was stable. No patients died. Of the asymptomatic patients, the mean age was younger than the symptomatic group (34.4±17.3vs 44.9±18.1 years, P=0.02). Lymphocyte count and prealbumin levels were higher in the asymptomatic group than the group with clinical symptoms (1.6±0.5 vs 1.3±0.6 and 241.8±68.2 vs 191.9±60.3, respectively; P<0.05). Imported cases of COVID-19 in Tibetan patients were generally mild in this high-altitude area. Absence of fever or radiologic abnormalities on initial presentation were common.	16.492050170898438	-19.952924728393555	7
Clinical outcomes among hospital patients with Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) infection. Background: Mortality is high among patients with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) infection. We aimed to determine hospital mortality and the factors associated with it in a cohort of MERS-CoV patients. Methods: We reviewed hospital records of confirmed cases (detection of virus by polymerase chain reaction from respiratory tract samples) of MERS-CoV patients (n = 63) admitted to Buraidah Central Hospital in Al-Qassim, Saudi Arabia between and 2017. We abstracted data on demography, vital signs, associated conditions presented on admission, pre-existing chronic diseases, treatment, and vital status. Bi-variate comparisons and multiple logistic regressions were the choice of data analyses. Results: The mean age was years (SD = 18.2); most patients were male (74.6%) and Saudi citizens (81%). All but two patients were treated with Ribavirin plus Interferon. Hospital mortality was 25.4%. Patients who were admitted with septic shock and/or organ failure were significantly more likely to die than patients who were admitted with pneumonia and/or acute respiratory distress syndrome (OR = 47.9, 95% CI = 3.9, 585.5, p-value 0.002). Age, sex, and presence of chronic conditions were not significantly associated with mortality. Conclusion: Hospital mortality was 25%; septic shock/organ failure at admittance was a significant predictor of mortality.	18.28489112854004	-23.581218719482422	9
Clinical outcomes of patients with COVID-2019 from a single center in Wuhan, China. The SARS-CoV-2 outbreak is causing widespread infections and significant mortality. Previous studies describing clinical characteristics of the disease contained small cohorts from individual centers or larger series consisting of mixed cases from different hospitals. We report analyses of mortality and disease severity among patients from a single hospital. The cohort included patients with confirmed and with suspected diagnosis. The latter group met the criteria for clinical diagnosis but nucleic acid tests results were initially interpreted as suspicious. Data were compared between genders and among different age groups. The overall case fatality is 5.2%. However, patients years of age or older suffered a significantly higher mortality (17.8%), associated with more patients having severe or critical illness (57.5%). Patients years of age or older had a mortality of 8.0%, and those younger than years, 1.2%. Male patients had a mortality of 7.6% versus 2.9% in females.	16.38764762878418	-22.679752349853516	9
CoViD-19: An Automatic, Semiparametric Estimation Method for the Population Infected in Italy. To date, official data on the number of people infected with the SARS-CoV-2 -responsible for the CoViD-19 -have been released by the Italian Government just on the basis of a non representative sample of population which tested positive for the swab. However a reliable estimation of the number of infected, including asymptomatic people, turns out to be crucial in the preparation of operational schemes and to estimate the future number of people, who will require, to different extents, medical attentions. In order to overcome the current data shortcoming, this paper proposes a bootstrap-driven, estimation procedure for the number of people infected with the SARS-CoV-2. This method is designed to be robust, automatic and suitable to generate estimations at regional level. Obtained results show that, while official data at March the 12th report 12.839 cases in Italy, people infected wiyh the SARS-CoV-2 could be as high as 105.789.	-9.508428573608398	-20.88134765625	3
Collaborative Cross Mouse Populations as a Resource for the Study of Epilepsy. Epilepsy is a neurological disorder with complex etiologies and genetic architecture. Animal models have a critical role in understanding the pathophysiology of epilepsy. Here we studied epilepsy utilizing a genetic reference population of Collaborative Cross (CC) mice with publicly available whole genome sequences. We measured multiple epilepsy traits in CC strains, and we identified novel animal models that exhibit extreme outcomes in seizure susceptibility, seizure propagation, epileptogenesis, and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy. We performed QTL mapping in an F2 population and identified seven novel and one previously identified loci associated with seizure sensitivity. We combined whole genome sequence and hippocampal gene expression to pinpoint biologically plausible candidate genes and candidate variants associated with seizure sensitivity. These resources provide a powerful toolbox for studying complex features of seizures and for identifying genes associated with particular seizure outcomes, and hence will facilitate the development of new therapeutic targets for epilepsy.	-14.338011741638184	8.53215503692627	6
Community responses during the early phase of the COVID-19 epidemic in Hong Kong: risk perception, information exposure and preventive measures Background: Community responses are important for outbreak management during the early phase. Background: Community responses are important for outbreak management during the early phase when non-pharmaceutical interventions are the major preventive options. Therefore, this study aims to examine the psychological and behavioral responses of the community during the early phase of the COVID-19 epidemic in Hong Kong. Method: A cross-sectional online survey was launched within hours after confirmed COVID-19 cases were first reported. Councilors of all district council constituency areas were approached for survey dissemination. Respondent demographics, anxiety level, risk perception, sources to retrieve . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 COVID-19 information, actual adoption and perceived efficacy of precautionary measures were collected. Result: Analysis from complete responses indicated high perceived susceptibility (89%) and high perceived severity (97%). Most respondents were worried about COVID-19 (97%), and had their daily routines disrupted (slightly/greatly: 98%). The anxiety level, measured by the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, was borderline abnormal (9.01). Nearly all respondents were alert to the disease progression (99.5%). The most trusted information sources were doctors (84%), followed by broadcast (57%) and newspaper (54%), but they were not common information sources (doctor: 5%; broadcast: 34%; newspaper: 40%). Only 16% respondents found official websites reliable. Enhanced personal hygiene practices and travel avoidance to China were frequently adopted (>77%) and considered effective (>90%). The adoption of social-distancing measures was lower (39%-88%), and their drivers for greater adoption include: being female (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]:1.27), living in the New Territories (aOR:1.32-1.55), perceived as having good understanding of COVID-19 (aOR:1.84) and being more anxious (aOR:1.07). Discussion: Risk perception towards COVID-19 in the community was high. Most respondents are alert to the disease progression, and adopt self-protective measures. This study contributes by examining the psycho-behavioral responses of hosts, in addition to the largely studied mechanistic aspects, during the early phase of the current COVID-19 epidemic. The timely psychological and behavioral assessment of the community is useful to inform subsequent interventions and risk communication strategies as the epidemic progresses.	-16.312877655029297	-40.52901077270508	2
Comparative In Vivo Analysis of Recombinant Type II Feline Coronaviruses with Truncated and Completed ORF3 Region. Our previous in vitro comparative study on a feline coronavirus (FCoV) pair, differing only in the intactness of their ORF3abc regions, showed that the truncated ORF3abc plays an important role in the efficient macrophage/monocyte tropism of type II feline infectious peritonitis virus (FIPV). In the present study, we describe a challenge experiment with the same recombinant FCoVs in order to gain data on the in vivo characteristics on these viruses. While parent virus FIPV DF-2 developed feline infectious peritonitis in all the infected cats, its recombinant virus PBFIPV-DF-2, differing only in seven nucleotides, proved to be surprisingly low virulent, although caused an acute febrile episode similarly to the original FIPV DF-2. PBFIPV-DF-2 infection induced significantly lower virus neutralization titers than its parent virus, and lacked the second phase of viremia and development of fatal course of the disease. The recombinant PBFIPV-DF-2-R3i with completed ORF3abc gained biological properties that differentiate between the feline enteric coronavirus (FECV) and FIPV biotypes such as intensive replication in the gut, absence of viremia and weak or no serological response. Using reverse genetic approaches our study is the first experimental proof that ORF3abc is indeed responsible for the restriction of FECV replication to the intestine in vivo. Citation: Bálint Á , Farsang A, Zádori Z, Belák S (2014) Comparative In Vivo Analysis of Recombinant Type II Feline Coronaviruses with Truncated and Completed ORF3 Region. PLoS ONE 9(2): e88758.	15.04040241241455	8.730032920837402	10
Comparative Proteome Analysis of Porcine Jejunum Tissues in Response to a Virulent Strain of Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus and Its Attenuated Strain. Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), a predominant cause of acute enteric infection, leads to severe dehydrating diarrhea and mortality in piglets all over the world. A virulent PEDV YN13 strain, isolated in our laboratory, was attenuated to yield an attenuated PEDV strain YN144. To better understand the pathogenesis mechanism and the virus-host interaction during infection with both PEDV YN13 and YN144 strains, a comparative proteomic analysis was carried out to investigate the proteomic changes produced in the primary target organ, using isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ) labeling, followed by liquid chromatography tandem-mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). A total of and differently expressed proteins (DEPs) were identified in the jejunum tissues of the piglets inoculated with YN13 and YN144, respectively. Bioinformatics analysis revealed that these proteins were involved in stress responses, signal transduction, and the immune system. All of these involved interferon-stimulated genes (ISGs) which were up-regulated in jejunums by both of the PEDV-infected groups. Based on the comparative analysis, we proposed that different changes induced by YN13 and YN144 in heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A1 (hnRNPA1), eukaryotic initiation factor 4G1 (eIF4G1), and some members in the heat shock protein (HSP) family, may be responsible for differences in their pathogenicity.	11.203924179077148	27.724262237548828	10
Comparative genomic analysis revealed specific mutation pattern between human coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and Bat-SARSr-CoV RaTG13. The novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (2019-nCoV) is a member of the family coronaviridae and contains a single-stranded RNA genome with positive-polarity. To reveal the evolution mechanism of SARS-CoV-2 genome, we performed comprehensive genomic analysis with newly sequenced SARS-CoV-2 strains and closely related coronavirus strains. Among nucleotide mutations at sites of the genome among different SARS-CoV-2 strains, of them caused amino acid change, indicating a result of neutral evolution. However, the ratio of nucleotide substitutions to amino acid substitutions of spike gene (9.07) between SARS-CoV-2 WIV04 and Bat-SARSr-CoV RaTG13 was extensively higher than those from comparisons between other coronaviruses (range 1.29 -4.81). The elevated synonymous mutations between SARS-CoV-2 and RaTG13, suggesting they underwent stronger purifying selection. Moreover, their nucleotide substitutions are enriched with T:C transition, which is consistent with the mutation signature caused by deactivity of RNA 3'-to-5' exoribonuclease (ExoN). The codon usage was similar between SARS-CoV-2 and other strains in beta-coronavirus lineage B, suggesting it had small impact on the mutation pattern. In comparison of SARS-CoV-2 WIV04 with Bat-SARSr-CoV RaTG13, the ratios of non-synonymous to synonymous substitution rates (dN/dS) was the lowest among all performed comparisons, reconfirming the evolution of SARS-CoV-2 under stringent selective pressure. Moreover, some sites of spike protein might be subjected to positive selection. Therefore, our results will help understanding the evolutionary mechanisms contribute to viral pathogenicity and its adaptation with hosts.	10.12723159790039	9.955615043640137	4
Comparative genomics reveals signature regions used to develop a robust and sensitive multiplex TaqMan real-time qPCR assay to detect the genus Dickeya and Dickeya dianthicola. Dickeya species are high consequence plant pathogenic bacteria listed among the quarantine pathogens of the European Union; associated with potato disease outbreaks and subsequent economic losses worldwide. Early, accurate, and reliable detection of Dickeya spp. is needed to prevent establishment and further dissemination of this pathogen. Therefore, a multiplex TaqMan qPCR was developed for sensitive detection of Dickeya spp. and specifically, D. dianthicola. A signature genomic region for the genus Dickeya (mglA/mglC) and unique genomic region for D. dianthicola (alcohol dehydrogenase) were identified using a whole genome based comparative genomics approach. The developed multiplex TaqMan qPCR was validated using extensive inclusivity and exclusivity panels, and naturally/artificially infected samples to confirm broad range detection capability and specificity. Both sensitivity and spiked assays showed detection limit of fg DNA. The developed multiplex assay is sensitive and reliable to detect Dickeya spp. and D. dianthicola with no false positives or false negatives. It was able to detect mixed infection from naturally and artificially infected plant materials. The developed assay will serve as a practical tool for screening of propagative material, monitoring the presence and distribution, and quantification of target pathogens in a breeding program. The assay also has applications in routine diagnostics, biosecurity and microbial forensics.	-1.653853178024292	-8.664122581481934	6
Comparison of alternative models of human movement and the spread of disease. Predictive models for the spatial spread of infectious diseases has received much attention in recent years as tools for the management of infectious diseas outbreaks. Prominently, various versions of the so-called gravity model, borrowed from transportation theory, have been used. However, the original literature suggests that the model has some potential misspecifications inasmuch as it fails to capture higher-order interactions among population centers. The fields of economics, geography and network sciences holds alternative formulations for the spatial coupling within and among conurbations. These includes Stouffer's rank model, Fotheringham's competing destinations model and the radiation model of Simini et al. Since the spread of infectious disease reflects mobility through the filter of age-specific susceptibility and infectivity and since, moreover, disease may alter spatial behavior, it is essential to confront with epidemiological data on spread. To study their relative merit we, accordingly, fit variants of these models to the uniquely detailed dataset of prevaccination measles in the cities and towns of England and Wales over the years 1944-65 and compare them using a consistent likelihood framework. We find that while the gravity model is a reasonable first approximation, both Stouffer's rank model, an extended version of the radiation model and the Fotheringham competing destinations model provide significantly better fits, Stouffer's model being the best. Through a new method of spatially disaggregated likelihoods we identify areas of relatively poorer fit, and show that it is indeed in densely-populated conurbations that higher order spatial interactions are most important. Our main conclusion is that it is premature to narrow in on a single class of models for predicting spatial spread of infectious disease. The supplemental materials contain all code for reproducing the results and applying the methods to other data sets. The ability to predict how infectious disease will spread is of great importance in the face of the numerous emergent and re-emergent pathogens that currently threatening : bioRxiv preprint human well-being. We identified a variety of alternative models that predict human mobility as as a function of population distribution across a landscape. These consider some models that account for pair-wise interactions between population centers, as well as some that allow for higher-order interactions. We trained the models using a uniquely rich spatiotemporal data set on pre-vaccination measles in England and wales (1944-65), which comprises more than a million records from cities and towns. Likelihood rankings of the different models reveal strong evidence for higher-order interactions in the form of competition among cities as destinations for travelers and, thus, dilution of spatial transmission. The currently most commonly used so-called 'gravity' models were far from the best in capturing spatial disease dynamics. movement patterns [13] including a recent incarnation as the 'radiation' model [14]. While these models have proved useful in their original applications, their use in describing infectious disease spread is complicated by two considerations. First, spatial interaction models predict bulk migration fluxes between population centers, but the impact of these movements on the dynamics of infectious disease can depend strongly not only on the magnitude, but also on the composition, of the migrant pool. In particular, the extent to which migrants are more or less likely to be susceptible to infection, or actually infected, than the general population can be critically important, as can the age profile of the migrant pool, due to pronounced age-specific patterns of behavior, susceptibility, and infectiousness [5, 7, 15] . Second, infectious disease dynamics and Wales using a spatial hazards approach [18] . We considered four main classes of models, including the gravity, competing destinations, Stouffer rank, and radiation models, in addition to pure diffusion and mean field models which are interesting special	-17.110803604125977	-14.403929710388184	5
Comparison of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay systems using rift valley fever virus nucleocapsid protein and inactivated virus as antigens. Background: Rift Valley Fever (RVF) is a mosquito-borne viral zoonosis. To detect RVF virus (RVFV) infection, indirect immunoglobulin G (IgG) and immunoglobulin M (IgM) enzyme linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) which utilize recombinant RVFV nucleocapsid (RVFV-N) protein as assay antigen, have reportedly been used, however, there is still a need to develop more sensitive and specific methods of detection. Methods: RVFV-N protein was expressed in Escherichia coli (E. coli) and purified by histidine-tag based affinity chromatography. This recombinant RVFV-N (rRVFV-N) protein was then used as antigen to develop an IgG sandwich ELISA and IgM capture ELISAs for human sera. Ninety six serum samples collected from healthy volunteers during the RVF surveillance programme in Kenya in 2013, and serum samples collected from RVF-suspected patients during the 2006-2007 RVF outbreak in Kenya were used respectively, to evaluate the newly established rRVFV-N protein-based IgG sandwich ELISA and IgM capture ELISA systems in comparison with the inactivated virus-based ELISA systems. Results: rRVFV-N protein-based-IgG sandwich ELISA and IgM capture ELISA for human sera were established. Both the new ELISA systems were in 100% concordance with the inactivated virus-based ELISA systems, with a sensitivity and specificity of 100%. Conclusions: Recombinant RVFV-N is a safe and affordable antigen for RVF diagnosis. Our rRVFV-N-based ELISA systems are safe and reliable tools for diagnosis of RVFV infection in humans and especially useful in large-scale epidemiological investigation and for application in developing countries.	19.969636917114258	17.186161041259766	10
Comparison of real-time PCR and droplet digital PCR for the detection of Xylella fastidiosa in plants. Xylella fastidiosa (Xf) is a quarantine plant pathogen bacterium originating from the Americas and that has emerged in Europe in 2013. Xf can be detected directly on plant macerate using molecular methods such as real-time PCR, which is a sensitive technique. However, some plants may contain components that can act as PCR reaction inhibitors, which can lead to false negative results or an underestimation of the bacterial concentration present in the analyzed plant sample. Droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) is an innovative tool based on the partitioning of the PCR reagents and the DNA sample into thousands of droplets, allowing the quantification of the absolute number of target DNA molecules present in a reaction mixture, or an increase of the detection sensitivity. In this study, a real-time PCR protocol, already used for Xf detection in the framework of official surveys in the European Union, was transferred and optimized for Xf detection using ddPCR. This new assay was evaluated and compared to the initial real-time PCR on five plant matrices artificially inoculated and on naturally infected plants. In our conditions, this new ddPCR enabled the detection of Xf on all artificially inoculated plant macerates with a similar limit of detection, or a slight benefit for Quercus ilex. Moreover, ddPCR improved diagnostic sensitivity as it enabled detection of Xf in samples of Polygala myrtifolia or Q. ilex that were categorized as negative or close to the limit of detection using the real-time PCR. Here, we report for the first time a ddPCR assay for the detection of the bacterium Xf.	-0.9717146158218384	-6.797708034515381	6
Comparison of severe and non-severe COVID-19 pneumonia: review and meta-analysis. Objective: To compare the difference between severe and non-severe COVID-19 pneumonia and figure out the potential symptoms lead to severity. Articles from PubMed, Embase, Cochrane database, and google up-to February were systematically reviewed. Eighteen Literatures were identified with cases of COVID-19 pneumonia. The extracted data includes clinical symptoms, age, gender, sample size and region et al were systematic reviewed and meta analyzed. Results: eligible studies including 1,424 patients were analyzed. Symptoms like fever (89.2%), cough (67.2%), fatigue (43.6%) were common, dizziness, hemoptysis, abdominal pain and conjunctival congestion/conjunctivitis were rare. Polypnea/dyspnea in severe patients were significantly higher than non-severe (42.7% vs.16.3%, P<0.0001). Fever and diarrhea were higher in severe patients(p=0.0374and0.0267). Further meta-analysis showed incidence of fever(OR1.70,95%CI 1.01-2.87), polypnea/dyspnea(OR3.53, 95%CI 1.95-6.38) and diarrhea(OR1.80,95%CI 1.06-3.03) was higher in severe patients, which meant the severe risk of patients with fever, polypnea/dyspnea, diarrhea were 1.70, 3.53, 1.80 times higher than those with no corresponding symptoms. Conclusions: Fever, cough and fatigue are common symptoms in COVID-19 pneumonia. Compared with non-severe patients, the symptoms as fever, polypnea/dyspnea and diarrhea are potential symptoms lead to severity.	19.62940788269043	-21.89777946472168	9
Comparison of the fecal microbiota of domestic commercial meat, laboratory, companion, and shelter rabbits (Oryctolagus cuniculi). Background: Rabbits are cecotrophic, hindgut-fermenters that rely heavily on their gastrointestinal microbiota for optimal digestion of plant-based diets. Dysbiosis, caused by disruption of the gastrointestinal microbiota, is known to predispose rabbits to rabbit enteritis complex (REC), a major cause of morbidity and mortality. The objectives of this study were to describe the fecal microbiota of domestic rabbits from a variety of settings (commercial meat, companion, laboratory, and shelter) and to identify how factors such as age, season, and routine antimicrobial use affect the fecal microbiota composition. Results: A total of pooled commercial meat, companion, pooled laboratory, and shelter rabbit fecal samples were evaluated using 16S rRNA gene sequencing of the V4 region. In all sample types, the predominant bacterial phylum was Firmicutes. Other commonly identified phyla (composing ≥ 1% of the total microbiota composition) were Verrucomicrobia, Proteobacteria, and Bacteroidetes. Significant differences in composition were noted between commercial, companion, laboratory, and shelter rabbit samples for proportions of Verrucomicrobia (P < 0.01), Proteobacteria (P < 0.01), and Lentisphaerae (P = 0.01) within the total microbiota. Within the commercial meat rabbit samples, significant differences between the microbiota composition of growers (n = 42) and does (n = 44) were limited to one unclassified Firmicutes (P = 0.03) and no differences were identified at the phylum level. Significant differences were present between fecal samples taken from rabbits during the summer (n = 44) compared to the winter (n = 42), with Firmicutes (P = 0.04), Verrucomicrobia (P = 0.03), Proteobacteria (P = 0.02), Deinococcus-Thermus (P = 0.04), Armatimonadates (P = 0.003), and Actinobacteria (P = 0.03) forming significantly different proportions of the microbiota. The only significant difference in composition between those farms that routinely reported antimicrobial use and those that did not was in one unclassified Bacteroidetes (P < 0.05) and no differences were identified at the phylum level. Conclusions: Rabbit husbandry and diet, in addition to season, significantly influence the fecal microbiota composition of domestic rabbits, while age of the rabbit post-weaning has minimal impact.	16.359893798828125	-6.198827743530273	11
Complemented palindrome small RNAs first discovered from SARS coronavirus. In this study, we reported for the first time the existence of complemented palindrome small RNAs (cpsRNAs) and proposed cpsRNAs and palindrome small RNAs (psRNAs) as a novel class of small RNAs. The first discovered cpsRNA UCUUUAACAAGCUUGUUAAAGA from SARS coronavirus named SARS-28 CoV-cpsR-22 contained nucleotides perfectly matching its reverse complementary sequence. Further sequence analysis supported that SARS-CoV-cpsR-22 originated from bat betacoronavirus. The results of RNAi experiments showed that one 19-nt segment of SARS-CoV-cpsR-22 significantly induced cell apoptosis. These results suggested that SARS-CoV-cpsR-22 could play a role in SARS-CoV infection or pathogenicity. The discovery of psRNAs and cpsRNAs paved the way to find new markers for pathogen detection and reveal the mechanisms in the infection or pathogenicity from a different point of view. The discovery of psRNAs and cpsRNAs also broaden the understanding of palindrome motifs in animal of plant genomes.	1.1460665464401245	16.44036865234375	4
Complete Genome Sequence of Avian Coronavirus Strain D274. Avian coronavirus, the causative agent of avian infectious bronchitis, occurs as multiple genotypes and lineages, and full genomes are not available for the majority of them. This paper reports the (previously unknown) complete genome sequence of strain D274 of this virus (27,599 nucleotides), isolated from chickens in The Netherlands in 1979.	13.825758934020996	3.9216866493225098	10
Complete Genome Sequence of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus KOR/KNIH/002_05_2015, Isolated in South Korea. The full genome sequence of a Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) was identified from cultured and isolated in Vero cells. The viral genome sequence has high similarity to human MERS-CoVs, ranging from 99.5% to 99.8% at the nucleotide level.	12.521804809570312	6.554543495178223	1
Complete Genome Sequencing of a Novel Strain of Sapelovirus A Circulating in Vietnam GENOME SEQUENCES crossm. Sapelovirus A (SV-A) is currently spreading as an enteric pathogen of pigs worldwide. We isolated SV-A strain XTND/2018 from the small intestine of a dead pig with severe diarrhea in the north of Vietnam and determined the genomic sequence. This is the first report of the genomic sequence of SV-A circulating in Vietnam.	13.315290451049805	4.7891316413879395	1
Complete genome characterisation of a novel coronavirus associated with severe human respiratory disease in Wuhan. bioRxiv preprint Emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases, such as SARS, MERS, Zika and highly pathogenic influenza present a major threat to public health 1-3 . Despite intense research effort, how, when and where novel diseases appear are still the source of considerable uncertainly. A severe respiratory disease was recently reported in the city of Wuhan, Hubei province, China. At the time of writing, at least suspected cases have been reported since the first patient was hospitalized on December nd 2019. Epidemiological investigation by the local Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) suggested that the outbreak was associated with a sea food market in Wuhan. We studied seven patients who were workers at the market, and collected bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) from one patient who exhibited a severe respiratory syndrome including fever, dizziness and cough, and who was admitted to Wuhan Central Hospital on December th 2019. Next generation metagenomic RNA sequencing identified a novel RNA virus from the family Coronaviridae designed WH-Human-1 coronavirus (WHCV). Phylogenetic analysis of the complete viral genome (29,903 nucleotides) revealed that WHCV was most closely related (89.1% nucleotide similarity similarity) to a group of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)-like coronaviruses (genus Betacoronavirus, subgenus Sarbecovirus) previously sampled from bats in China and that have a history of genomic recombination. This outbreak highlights the ongoing capacity of viral spill-42 over from animals to cause severe disease in humans. Seven patients, comprising five men and two women, were hospitalized at the Central : bioRxiv preprint patients was 43, ranging from to years old. The clinical characteristics of the patients are shown in Table 1. Fever and cough were the most common symptoms. All patients had fever with body temperatures ranging from 37.2 o C to o C. Patients 1, 2, 5, and had cough, while patients 1, and presented with severe cough with phlegm at onset of illness. Patients and also complained of chest tightness and dyspnea. Patients 1, 3, and experienced dizziness and patient felt weakness. No neurological symptoms were observed in any of the patients. Bacterial culture revealed the presence of Streptococcus bacteria in throat swabs from patients 3, and 7. Combination antibiotic, antiviral and glucocorticoid therapy were administered. Unfortunately, patient and showed respiratory failure: patient was given high flow noninvasive ventilation, while patient was provided with nasal/face mask ventilation (Table 1) . Epidemiological investigation by the Wuhan CDC revealed that all the suspected cases were linked to individuals working in a local indoor seafood market. Notably, in addition to fish and shell fish, a variety of live wild animals including hedgehogs, badgers, snakes, and birds (turtledoves) were available for sale in the market before the outbreak began, as well as animal carcasses and animal meat. No bats were available for sale. While the patients might have had contact with wild animals in the market, none recalled exposure to live poultry. Patient was a 41-year-old man with no history of hepatitis, tuberculosis or diabetes. He was admitted and hospitalized in Wuhan Central Hospital days after the onset of illness. The patient reported fever, chest tightness, unproductive cough, pain and weakness for one week on presentation. Physical examination of cardiovascular, abdominal and neurologic examination was normal. Mild lymphopenia (less than cells per cubic milli-meter) was	13.146421432495117	-16.476261138916016	7
Complex dynamics in an SIS epidemic model induced by nonlinear incidence. We study an epidemic model with nonlinear incidence rate, describing the saturated mass action as well as the psychological effect of certain serious diseases on the community. Firstly, the existence and local stability of disease-free and endemic equilibria are investigated. Then, we prove the occurrence of backward bifurcation, saddle-node bifurcation, Hopf bifurcation and cusp type Bogdanov-Takens bifurcation of codimension 3. Finally, numerical simulations, including one limit cycle, two limit cycles, unstable homoclinic loop and many other phase portraits are presented. These results show that the psychological effect of diseases and the behavior change of the susceptible individuals may affect the final spread level of an epidemic. doi: bioRxiv preprint then ∆ > if and only if R > R * , ∆ = if and only if R = R * and ∆ < if and only if R < R * . It is obvious that R * < and we can obtain the following theorem. = q = q = q = q = q = q = 0.	-11.459168434143066	-15.559721946716309	5
Computational vaccinology approach: Designing an efficient multi-epitope peptide vaccine against Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii's heat shock 70KDa protein. Introduction: Cryptococcosis is a ubiquitous opportunistic fungal disease caused by Cryptococcus neoformans var. It has high global morbidity and mortality among HIV patients and none-HIV carriers with 99% and 95% respectively. Furthermore, the increasing prevalence of undesired toxicity profile of antifungal, multi-drug resistant organism, and the scarcity of FDA authorized vaccines, where the hallmark in the present days. This study was undertaken to design a reliable multi-epitope peptide vaccine against highly conserved immunodominant heat shock 70KDa protein of Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii that covers a considerable digit of the world population through implementing computational vaccinology approach. Materials and Methods: A total of Sequences of Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii's heat shock 70KDa protein were retrieved from NCBI protein database. Different prediction tools were used to analyze the aforementioned protein at Immune Epitope Database (IEDB) to discriminate the most promising Tcell and B-cell epitopes. Then the proposed epitopes were subjected to Population coverage analysis tool to compute global population's coverage. Finally, the projected epitopes were ranked based on their scores and binding modes through using Moe program. Keywords: Multi-epitope peptide vaccine, Computational vaccinology, Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii, Cryptococcosis, in silico vaccine, Heat shock 70KDa protein (Hsp70).	3.4420950412750244	9.660433769226074	6
Concerted 2-5A-Mediated mRNA Decay and Transcription Reprogram Protein Synthesis in dsRNA Response. RNA degradation by RNase L during 2-5A-mediated decay (2-5AMD) is a conserved mammalian stress response to viral and endogenous double-stranded RNA (dsRNA). 2-5AMD onsets rapidly and facilitates a switch of protein synthesis from homeostasis to production of interferons (IFNs). To understand the mechanism of this protein synthesis reprogramming, we examined 2-5AMD in human cells. 2-5AMD triggers polysome collapse characteristic of a translation initiation defect, but translation initiation complexes and ribosomes purified from the translation-arrested cells remain functional. Using spike-in RNA-seq we found that basal messenger RNAs (mRNAs) rapidly decay, while mRNAs encoding IFNs and IFN-stimulated genes evade 2-5AMD and accumulate. The IFN evasion results from the combined effect of better mRNA stability and positive feedback amplification in the IFN response. Therefore, 2-5AMD and transcription act in concert to revamp the cellular mRNA composition. The resulting preferential accumulation of innate immune mRNAs establishes "prioritized" synthesis of defense proteins.	-3.9897217750549316	32.833335876464844	8
Congruence of location-specific transcriptional programs in intestinal organoids during long-term culture. The emergence of intestinal organoids, as a stem cell-based self-renewable model system, has led to many studies on intestinal development and cell-cell signaling. However, potential issues regarding the phenotypic stability and reproducibility of the methodology during culture still needs to be addressed for different organoids. Here we investigated the transcriptomes of intestinal organoids derived from the same pig as well as batch-to-batch variation of organoids derived from different pigs over long-term passage. The set of genes expressed in organoids closely resembled that of the tissue of origin, including location specific functions, for at least passages. Minor differences in gene expression were observed between individual organoid cultures. In contrast, most tissue-specific genes were not expressed in the transformed jejunum cell line IPECJ2, which also showed gene expression consistent with cancer phenotypes. We conclude that intestinal organoids provide a robust and stable model for translational research with clear advantages over transformed cells. Methods Jejunum tissue segments were obtained from control piglets used for another study, following guidelines of the animal ethics committee of Wageningen University. Two 5-week-old piglets were used for generating organoids following procedures previously described [11, 13] . Briefly, a cm section of the mid-jejunum was dissected and placed in ice-cold PBS. After opening the sections longitudinally, jejunum segments were washed three times in ice-cold PBS and villi removed by carefully scraping with a scalpel. Small sections of the mucosa were cut from the muscle layer, divided into small cubes, and transferred into ice-cold PBS containing mM EDTA and incubated with rotation at room temperature for min. The PBS -EDTA was then replaced and incubation continued for min at °C. After washing in ice-cold DMEM supplemented with 5% penicillin/streptomycin (Gibco, Thermo Fisher Scientific), the crypts were dissociated by rigorous vortexing and passed through a µm strainer into cold DMEM containing 5% foetal bovine serum (FBS, v/v). Crypts were pelleted by centrifugation at x g for min, and suspended in Matrigel (Basement Membrane, Growth factor reduced, REF 356231, Corning, Bedford, MA, USA). To improve surface tension, empty 24-well plates were pre-incubated overnight at °C. Matrigel containing crypts was then plated at domes per well (approx. µl per well) and inverted to polymerize at °C. After polymerization, µl F12 cell culture medium (Gibco) was added, supplemented with μg/ml primocin (Invivogen), mM HEPES (HyClone), × B-27 (Gibco), 1.25 mM N-acetylcysteine (Sigma), ng/ml human epidermal growth factor (R&D systems), nM gastrin, mM nicotinamide, μM p38 MAPK inhibitor (Sigma), nM TGFβ receptor inhibitor A83-01, and conditioned media for recombinant Noggin (15% v/v), Spondin (15% v/v), and Wnt3A (30% v/v) provided by dr. Kuo and Hubrecht Institute (Utrecht, the Netherlands). Organoids were passaged at a 1:5 ratio every days using ice-cold DMEM by mechanical dissociation, centrifuged at x g for min, and plating in fresh Matrigel matrix droplets as previously described [11] . Directly after crypt isolation, organoid cultures were separated into three batches per animal and grown independently for passages. Jejunum organoids were grown for and weeks (4-17 passages) and extracted using ice-cold PBS. After washing twice in PBS, intact organoids were pelleted at x g for min and suspended in RLT lysis buffer and stored at -80°C prior to RNA isolation. Porcine jejunum epithelial cell line IPEC-J2 (ACC-701) was grown in DMEM F12 medium supplemented with 10% FBS and 5% penicillin/streptomycin (P/S, Gibco) in cm culture flasks. Data for one IPEC-J2 transcriptome was kindly provided by dr. Richard Crooijmans, via the Functional Annotation of ANimal Genomes (FAANG, BioSamples accession SAMEA4447551) [14] . For the analysis of the remaining two lines, IPEC-J2 at passage and were seeded at x cells/well in 24-well plates and grown to confluence within 48h with reduced P/S (1%). The monolayers were subsequently left to differentiate for days, lysed using RLT-buffer, and stored at -80 °C prior to RNA isolation. Total RNA was extracted using an RNeasy mini-kit (Qiagen) following manufacturer's instructions including a min on-column DNAse step. Preliminary tRNA concentrations, contamination and degradation were identified using Qubit (Thermo-Fisher) and gel-electrophoresis. The quantity and integrity of RNA was measured using a Bioanalyzer (Agilent).	-9.613696098327637	29.367717742919922	11
Connectivity analyses of bioenergetic changes in schizophrenia: Identification of novel treatments Running title: Bioenergetic function in schizophrenia. We utilized a cell-level approach to examine glycolytic pathways in the DLPFC of subjects with schizophrenia (n=16) and control (n=16) subjects and found decreased mRNA expression of glycolytic enzymes in pyramidal neurons, but not astrocytes. To replicate these novel bioenergetic findings, we probed independent datasets for bioenergetic targets and found similar abnormalities. Next, we used a novel strategy to build a schizophrenia bioenergetic profile by a tailored application of the Library of Integrated Network-Based Cellular Signatures data portal (iLINCS) and investigated connected cellular pathways, kinases, and transcription factors using Enrichr. Finally, with the goal of identifying drugs capable of "reversing" the bioenergetic schizophrenia signature, we performed a connectivity analysis with iLINCS and identified peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonists as promising therapeutic targets. We administered a PPAR agonist to the GluN1 knockdown model of schizophrenia and found it improved long-term memory. Taken together, our findings suggest that tailored bioinformatics approaches, coupled with the LINCS library of transcriptional signatures of chemical and genetic perturbagens may be employed to identify novel treatment strategies for schizophrenia and related diseases.	-11.581403732299805	5.273952007293701	11
Consecutive patients assessed for COVID-19 infection; experience from a UK regional infectious disease unit. Clinical assessment of possible infection with SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus responsible for the outbreak of COVID-19 respiratory illness, has been a major activity of infectious diseases services in the UK and elsewhere since the first report of cases in December 2019. We report our case series of patients, reviewed by Infectious Diseases Consultants at a Regional Infectious Diseases Unit in the UK. We prospectively evaluated our service between the th Jan and th Feb 2020. Demographic, clinical, epidemiological and laboratory data were collected. We have compared clinical features and subsequent diagnosis between well patients not requiring admission for clinical reasons or antimicrobials with those assessed as needing either admission or antimicrobial treatment. A, RSV, non SARS/MERS coronaviruses, rhinovirus/enterovirus. 9/68 were treated with antimicrobials, 15/68 were admitted to a negative pressure room of whom 5/68 were admitted solely due to an inability to isolate at home. Patients requiring either admission on clinical grounds or antimicrobials (14/68) were similar to those not requiring admission or antimicrobials, with modestly more fever and shortness of breath in the clinically admitted / antimicrobial group. The most commonly prescribed antimicrobials were doxycycline, moxifloxacin and oseltamivir. The majority of patients had mild illness which did not require a clinical intervention to manage. This finding supports a community testing approach supported by clinicians to review the proportion of more unwell patients.	10.247945785522461	-16.565366744995117	7
Contacts in context: large-scale setting-specific social mixing matrices from the BBC Pandemic project. Social mixing patterns are crucial in driving transmission of infectious diseases and informing public health interventions to contain their spread. Age-specific social mixing is often inferred from surveys of self-recorded contacts which by design often have a very limited number of participants. In addition, such surveys are rare, so public health interventions are often evaluated by considering only one such study. Here we report detailed population contact patterns for	-23.007469177246094	-23.953445434570312	2
Contribution of the Purinergic Receptor P2X7 to Development of Lung Immunopathology during Influenza Virus Infection. An exacerbated immune response is one of the main causes of influenza-induced lung damage during infection. The molecular mechanisms regulating the fate of the initial immune response to infection, either as a protective response or as detrimental immunopathology, are not well understood. The purinergic receptor P2X7 is an ionotropic nucleotide-gated ion channel receptor expressed on immune cells that has been implicated in induction and maintenance of excessive inflammation. Here, we analyze the role of this receptor in a mouse model of influenza virus infection using a receptor knockout (KO) mouse strain. Our results demonstrate that the absence of the P2X7 receptor results in a better outcome to influenza virus infection characterized by reduced weight loss and increased survival upon experimental influenza challenge compared to wild-type mice. This effect was not virus strain specific. Overall lung pathology and apoptosis were reduced in virusinfected KO mice. Production of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines such as interleukin-10 (IL-10), gamma interferon (IFN-␥), and CC chemokine ligand (CCL2) was also reduced in the lungs of the infected KO mice. Infiltration of neutrophils and depletion of CD11b ϩ macrophages, characteristic of severe influenza virus infection in mice, were lower in the KO animals. Together, these results demonstrate that activation of the P2X7 receptor is involved in the exacerbated immune response observed during influenza virus infection. IMPORTANCE A hallmark of influenza virus infection is the development of lung pathology induced by an exacerbated immune response. The mechanisms shared by the antiviral host defense required for viral clearance and those required for development of immunopathology are not clearly understood. Purinergic receptors, and in particular the purinergic receptor P2X7 (P2X7r), are involved in activation of the immune response. We used mice lacking the P2X7r (P2X7r KO mice) to better understand the mechanisms that lead to development of lung pathology during influenza virus infection. In our studies, we observed that P2X7r KO mice developed less lung immunopathology and had better survival than the wild-type mice. These results implicate P2X7r in the induction of an exacerbated local immune response to influenza virus and help us to better understand the mechanisms leading to the lung immunopathology observed during severe viral infections. Citation Leyva-Grado VH, Ermler ME, Schotsaert M, Gonzalez MG, Gillespie V, Lim JK, García-Sastre A. Contribution of the purinergic receptor P2X7 to development of lung immunopathology during influenza virus infection. mBio 8:e00229-17.	7.194209098815918	36.845741271972656	0
Coronavirus S protein-induced fusion is blocked prior to hemifusion by Abl kinase inhibitors. Enveloped viruses gain entry into host cells by fusing with cellular membranes, a step required for virus replication. Coronaviruses, including the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), and infectious bronchitis virus (IBV), fuse at the plasma membrane or use receptor-mediated endocytosis and fuse with endosomes depending on the cell or tissue type. The virus Spike (S) protein mediates fusion with the host cell membrane. We have shown previously that an Abl kinase inhibitor, imatinib, significantly reduces SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV viral titers and prevents endosomal entry by HIV SARS S and MERS S pseudotyped virions. SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV are classified as BSL-3 viruses, which can make experimentation into the cellular mechanisms involved in infection more challenging. Here, we use IBV, a BSL-2 virus, as a model for studying the role of Abl kinase activity during coronavirus infection. We found that imatinib and two specific Abl kinase inhibitors, GNF2 and GNF5, reduce IBV titers by blocking the first round of virus infection. Additionally, all three drugs prevented IBV S-induced syncytia formation prior to the hemifusion step. Our results indicate that membrane fusion (both virus-cell and cell-cell) is blocked in the presence of Abl kinase inhibitors. Studying the effects of Abl kinase inhibitors on IBV will be useful in identifying host cell pathways required for coronavirus infection. This will provide insight into possible therapeutic targets to treat infections by current as well as newly emerging coronaviruses.	3.225759267807007	24.408626556396484	12
Correlation Analysis Between Disease Severity and Inflammation-related Parameters in Patients with COVID-19 Pneumonia. Aim: The new coronavirus pneumonia outbreaking at the end of is highly contagious. Crude mortality rate reached 49% in critical patients. Inflammation matters on disease progression. This study analyzed blood inflammation indicators among mild, severe and critical patients, helping to identify severe or critical patients early.	9.951909065246582	-20.909889221191406	7
Cotranslational Folding Stimulates Programmed Ribosomal Frameshifting in the Alphavirus Structural Polyprotein. Viruses maximize their genetic coding capacity through a variety of biochemical mechanisms including programmed ribosomal frameshifting (PRF), which facilitates the production of multiple proteins from a single transcript. PRF is typically stimulated by structural elements within the mRNA that generate mechanical tension between the transcript and ribosome. However, in this work we show that the forces generated by the cotranslational folding of the nascent polypeptide chain can also enhance PRF. Using an array of biochemical, cellular, and computational techniques, we first demonstrate that the Sindbis virus structural polyprotein forms two competing topological isomers during biosynthesis at the ribosome-translocon complex. We then show that the formation of one of these topological isomers is linked to PRF. Coarse-grained molecular dynamic simulations reveal that the translocon-mediated membrane integration of a transmembrane domain upstream from the ribosomal slip-site generates a force on the nascent polypeptide chain that scales with observed frameshifting. Together, our results demonstrate that cotranslational folding of this protein generates a tension that stimulates PRF. To our knowledge, this constitutes the first example in which the conformational state of the nascent chain has been linked to PRF. These findings raise the possibility that, in addition to RNA-mediated translational recoding, a variety of cotranslational folding and/ or binding events may also stimulate PRF.	-9.111612319946289	21.240032196044922	8
Cross-reactive antibody response between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV infections 18. The World Health Organization has recently declared the ongoing outbreak of COVID-27 19, which is caused by a novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, as pandemic. There is currently a lack of knowledge in the antibody response elicited from SARS-CoV-2 infection. One major immunological question is concerning the antigenic differences between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV. We address this question by using plasma from patients infected by SARS-CoV-2 or SARS-CoV, and plasma obtained from infected or immunized mice. Our results show that while cross-reactivity in antibody binding to the spike protein is common, cross-neutralization of the live viruses is rare, indicating the presence of non-neutralizing antibody response to conserved epitopes in the spike. Whether these non-neutralizing antibody responses will lead to antibody-dependent disease enhancement needs to be addressed in the future. Overall, this study not only addresses a fundamental question regarding the antigenicity differences between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV, but also has important implications in vaccine development.	10.814516067504883	15.298256874084473	4
Cross-sectional Study Affiliations. Background: So far, the psychological impact of COVID-19 epidemic among family members of Health care workers (HCWs) in China has been neglected. The present cross-sectional study aimed to investigate the mental health status and related factors of families of HCWs in Designated Hospitals in Ningbo, China. Method: Family members of HCWs working in five designated hospitals in Ningbo, China were recruited between February 10th and 20th, 2020. Information on demographic variables, the COVID-19-related events in the lives, knowledge of COVID-19 and the working status of family members (that is, HCWs) was collected using online self-administered questionnaires. The mental health status were assessed using the Chinese version of Patient Health Questionnare-9 (PHQ-9) and Chinese version of Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7). Multivariable logistic regression analyses were conducted to identify the main factors associated with the mental health conditions. Results: A total of participants completed questionnaires correctly. (response rate of 95.80% ). The overall prevalence of GAD and depressive symptoms were 33.73%, and 29.35%, respectively. More times (hours) to focus on the COVID-19 (Odd ratio (OR)=1.215, 95% confidence interval (CI):1.061-1.391), family members (that is, HCWs) directly contact with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 patients (OR=1.477, 95%CI:1.069-2.040) were risk factors for GAD, while higher participants self-reported safety score for protective equipment of HCWs (OR=0.807, 95%CI:0.700-0.930) was a protective factor. More times (hours) to focus on the COVID-19 (OR=1.215, 95%CI:1.061-1.391), longer average working times per week for family members (that is, HCWs) (OR=1.017, 95%CI:1.005-1.029), being parents and other next of kin of HCWs were risk factors for depressive symptoms (OR=3.526, respectively). In addition, compared with participants who were HCWs, participants who were enterprise workers and were more likely to develop depressive symptoms(OR=1.750, 95%CI:1.104-2.776), while who were government employees or institutions author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-12.553988456726074	-41.55006408691406	9
Cryo-EM Structure of the 2019-nCoV Spike in the Prefusion Conformation. The outbreak of a novel betacoronavirus (2019-nCov) represents a pandemic threat that has been declared a public health emergency of international concern. The CoV spike (S) glycoprotein is a key target for urgently needed vaccines, therapeutic antibodies, and diagnostics. To facilitate medical countermeasure (MCM) development we determined a 3.5 Å-resolution cryo-EM structure of the 2019-nCoV S trimer in the prefusion conformation. The predominant state of the trimer has one of the three receptor-binding domains (RBDs) rotated up in a receptor-accessible conformation. We also show biophysical and structural evidence that the 2019-nCoV S binds ACE2 with higher affinity than SARS-CoV S. Additionally we tested several published SARS-9 CoV RBD-specific monoclonal antibodies and found that they do not have appreciable binding to nCoV-2019 S, suggesting antibody cross-reactivity may be limited between the two virus RBDs. The atomic-resolution structure of 2019-nCoV S should enable rapid development and evaluation	6.322628498077393	16.35106658935547	4
Cryo-EM structures of HKU2 and SADS-CoV spike glycoproteins and insights into coronavirus evolution 4. A new porcine coronavirus SADS-CoV was recently identified from suckling piglets with severe diarrhea in southern China and its genome sequence is most identical (~95% identity) to that of bat α-coronavirus HKU2. It again indicates bats are the natural reservoir of many coronaviruses that have great potential for cross-species transmission to animals and humans by recombination and/or mutation. Here we report the cryo-EM structures of HKU2 and SADS-CoV spike glycoprotein trimers at 2.38 Å and 2.83 Å resolution, respectively. HKU2 and SADS-CoV spikes exhibit very high structural similarity, with subtle differences mainly distributed in the NTD and CTD of the S1 subunit responsible for cell attachment and receptor binding. We systematically analyzed and compared the NTD, CTD, SD1 and SD2 domains of the S1 subunit and the S2 subunit of HKU2 spike with those of α-, β-, γ-, and δ-coronavirus spikes. The results show that the NTD and CTD of HKU2/SADS-CoV are probably the most ancestral in the evolution of spike. Although the S2 subunit mediating membrane fusion is highly conserved, the connecting region after fusion peptide in HKU2/SADS-CoV S2 subunit also adopts a conformation distinct from other coronaviruses. These results structurally demonstrate a close evolutionary relationship between HKU2 /SADS-CoV and β-coronavirus spikes and provide new insights into the evolution and cross-species transmission of coronaviruses. : bioRxiv preprint Coronaviruses, categorized into the order Nidovirales family Coronaviridae and subfamily Coronavirinae, are a large group of viral pathogens with a wide host range . Their infections in humans, other mammals and birds can cause respiratory, hepatic, enteric and neurological diseases with varying severity . The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) have posed severe threats to human health in the st century 1,3 . In the meantime, coronaviruses infecting domestic animals also bring substantial economic losses . For example, the swine acute diarrhea syndrome coronavirus (SADS-CoV) (also known as SeACoV and PEAV) isolated in caused outbreaks of severe watery diarrhea of suckling piglets with a mortality up to 90% in several commercial pig farms in Guangdong Province of China 5-10 . SADS-CoV is an α-coronavirus and other representative members in the α-genus are porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), porcine transmissible gastroenteritis coronavirus (TGEV), porcine respiratory coronavirus (PRCV), human NL63 and 229E coronaviruses (HCoV-NL63 and HCoV-53 229E) . Representative members in other three genera include mouse hepatitis coronavirus (MHV), bovine coronavirus (BCoV), SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, HCoV-55 OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 in the β-genus, avian infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) in the γ-genus and porcine deltacoronavirus (PdCoV) in the δ-genus . Cross-species transmission promoted by genetic recombination and/or mutations underlies the host range expansion of coronaviruses 3,11-13 . Bats are the natural reservoir of more than different α-and β-coronaviruses that have great potential for interspecies transmission by recombination and/or mutation 12,14-16 . Data on genetic evolution, receptor binding and pathogenesis have demonstrated that human SARS-62 CoV and MERS-CoV most likely originate from bats . Palm civets and dromedary camels are the intermediate hosts of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV from bats to humans , respectively. The newly identified porcine SADS-CoV isolates are also found to share ~95% sequence identity with Rhinolophus bat coronavirus HKU2, and this further stressed the severe results of coronavirus spillover from bats to domestic animals 5-10 .	11.500566482543945	9.860610008239746	4
Crystal structure of Nsp15 endoribonuclease NendoU from SARS-CoV-2 Running Title: Structure of Nsp15 from SARS-CoV-2. Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus is rapidly spreading around the world. There is no existing vaccine or proven drug to prevent infections and stop virus proliferation. Although this virus is similar to human and animal SARS-and MERS-CoVs the detailed information about SARS-CoV-2 proteins structures and functions is urgently needed to rapidly develop effective vaccines, antibodies and antivirals. We applied high-throughput protein production and structure determination pipeline at the Center for Structural Genomics of Infectious Diseases to produce SARS-CoV-2 proteins and structures. Here we report the high-resolution crystal structure of endoribonuclease Nsp15/NendoU from SARS-CoV-2 -a virus causing current world-wide epidemics. We compare this structure with previously reported models of Nsp15 from SARS and MERS coronaviruses.	10.533543586730957	12.171192169189453	4
Crystal structure of the giant panda MHC class I complex: first insights into the viral peptide presentation profile in the bear family 2. The viral cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) epitope peptides presented by classical MHC-I molecules require the assembly of a peptide-MHC-I-β2m (aka pMHC-I) trimolecular complex for TCR recognition, which is the critical activation link for triggering antiviral T cell immunity. Ursidae includes genera and species; however, research on T cell immunology in this family, especially structural immunology, is lacking. In this study, the structure of the key trimolecular complex pMHC-1 (aka pAime-128), which binds a peptide from canine distemper virus, was solved for the first time using giant panda as a representative species of Ursidae. The structural characteristics of the giant panda pMHC-I complex, including the unique pockets in the peptide-binding groove (PBG), were analyzed in detail. Comparing the panda pMHC-I to others in the bear family and extending the comparison to other mammals revealed distinct features. Spriggs H, Dear PH, Briggs AW. Mitochondrial genomes reveal an explosive radiation of extinct and extant bears near the Miocene-Pliocene boundary. Bmc Evolutionary Biology 8:220-220. 22. et al. The sequence and de novo assembly of the giant panda genome. Nature 463:311. Pan HJ, Wan QH, Fang SG. Molecular characterization of major histocompatibility complex class I genes from the giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca).	3.353236436843872	16.67067527770996	8
Cytoplasmic Translocation of Polypyrimidine Tract-Binding Protein and Its Binding to Viral RNA during Japanese Encephalitis Virus Infection Inhibits Virus Replication. Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) has a single-stranded, positive-sense RNA genome containing a single open reading frame flanked by the 59-and 39-noncoding regions (NCRs). The virus genome replicates via a negative-sense RNA intermediate. The NCRs and their complementary sequences in the negative-sense RNA are the sites for assembly of the RNA replicase complex thereby regulating the RNA synthesis and virus replication. In this study, we show that the 55-kDa polypyrimidine tract-binding protein (PTB) interacts in vitro with both the 59-NCR of the positive-sense genomic RNA -5NCR(+), and its complementary sequence in the negative-sense replication intermediate RNA -3NCR(-). The interaction of viral RNA with PTB was validated in infected cells by JEV RNA co-immunoprecipitation and JEV RNA-PTB colocalization experiments. Interestingly, we observed phosphorylation-coupled translocation of nuclear PTB to cytoplasmic foci that colocalized with JEV RNA early during JEV infection. Our studies employing the PTB silencing and over-expression in cultured cells established an inhibitory role of PTB in JEV replication. Using RNA-protein binding assay we show that PTB competitively inhibits association of JEV 3NCR(-) RNA with viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (NS5 protein), an event required for the synthesis of the plussense genomic RNA. cAMP is known to promote the Protein kinase A (PKA)mediated PTB phosphorylation. We show that cells treated with a cAMP analogue had an enhanced level of phosphorylated PTB in the cytoplasm and a significantly suppressed JEV replication. Data presented here show a novel, cAMP-induced, OPEN ACCESS Cells infected with JEV at a multiplicity of infection (moi) of were harvested, washed twice with ice-cold phosphate-buffered saline (PBS), and collected in ml cell lysis buffer A (10 mM HEPES, pH 7.0, mM KCl, mM MgCl , mM DTT, mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride, mg/ml aprotinin and 0.5% PTB-Mediated Inhibition of JEV Replication PLOS ONE |	-1.8203706741333008	21.76131820678711	12
D R A F T Inferring transmission trees to guide targeting of interventions against visceral leishmaniasis and post-kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis. Bayesian inference methods for individual-level geo-located epidemiological data have enabled reconstruction of transmission trees and quantification of disease spread in space and time, while accounting for uncertainty in missing data. However, these methods have rarely been applied to endemic diseases or ones in which asymptomatic infection plays a role, for which novel estimation methods are required. Here, we develop such methods to analyse longitudinal incidence data on visceral leishmaniasis (VL), and its sequela, postkala-azar dermal leishmaniasis (PKDL), in a highly endemic community in Bangladesh. Incorporating recent data on infectiousness of VL and PKDL, we show that while VL cases drive transmission when incidence is high, the contribution of PKDL increases significantly as VL incidence declines (reaching 55% in this setting). Transmission is highly focal: >85% of mean distances from inferred infectors to their secondary VL cases were <300m, and estimated average times from infector onset to secondary case infection were <4 months for 90% of VL infectors, but up to 2.75yrs for PKDL infectors. Estimated numbers of secondary VL cases per VL and PKDL case varied from 0-6 and were strongly correlated with the infector's duration of symptoms. Counterfactual simulations suggest that prevention of PKDL could have reduced VL incidence by up to a quarter. These results highlight the need for prompt detection and treatment of PKDL to achieve VL elimination in the Indian subcontinent and provide quantitative estimates to guide spatiotemporally-targeted interventions against VL. visceral leishmaniasis | post-kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis | spatiotemporal transmission | transmission tree | Bayesian inference S patiotemporal heterogeneity in incidence is a hallmark of infectious diseases. Insight into this heterogeneity has in-2 creased considerably in recent years due to greater availability of geo-located individual-level epidemiological data and the development of sophisticated statistical inference methods for partially observed transmission processes (1-6). These meth-6 ods have been developed for epidemics, in which the immune status of the population is known, and for diseases with a short time course that are relatively easily diagnosed, such as measles, influenza, and foot-and-mouth disease (3, 4, 7). Here, we extend these methods to a slowly progressing endemic disease of humans in which asymptomatic infection plays an important role. We analyse detailed longitudinal individual-level data on incidence of visceral leishmaniasis (VL), and its sequela, post-15 kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis (PKDL), in a highly endemic community in Fulbaria, Bangladesh (8). VL, also known as kala-azar, is a lethal sandfly-borne parasitic disease targeted for elimination as a public health problem (<1 case/10,000 people/year at subdistrict/district level depending on the country) in the Indian subcontinent (ISC) by (9). PKDL is a non-lethal skin condition that occurs after treatment for VL in 5-20% of cases in the ISC, and less frequently in individuals who report no history of prior VL (8, 10). It is characterised by skin lesions of di ering severity and parasite load, ranging from macules and papules (least severe, lowest load) to nodules (most severe, highest load) (11). We estimate the relative contributions of di erent disease states (VL, PKDL and asymptomatic infection) to transmission, and quantify the rate of spread of infection around infected individuals in space and time by reconstructing transmission trees. Our analysis provides insight into the spatiotemporal spread of visceral leishmaniasis as well as quantitative estimates that can guide the targeting of interventions, such as active case detection and indoor residual spraying (IRS) of insecticide, around VL Although methods for analysing individual-level geo-located disease data have existed for some time, they have rarely been used to analyse endemic human diseases. Here we apply such methods to nearly a decade's worth of uniquely detailed epidemiological data on incidence of the deadly vector-borne disease visceral leishmaniasis (VL) and its secondary condition, post-kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis (PKDL), to quantify the spread of infection around cases in space and time by inferring who infected whom, and estimate the relative contribution of different infection states to transmission. Our findings highlight the key role long diagnosis delays and PKDL play in maintaining VL transmission. This detailed characterisation of the spatiotemporal transmission of VL will help inform targeting of interventions around VL and PKDL cases. : medRxiv preprint sion (over and above that from being at zero distance from an infectious individual) and with di erent pre-symptomatic and asymptomatic relative infectiousness. Models with addi-134 tional within-household transmission fitted the data signifi-135 cantly better than those without according to the Deviance Information Criterion (DIC) (32), and for these models fit improved with increasing pre-symptomatic and asymptomatic infectiousness, such that the best-fitting model had additional within-household transmission and assumed 2% relative infec-140 tiousness of pre-symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals. Here we present the results from this model (see SI Text for results from the other models). Parameter Estimates. We estimated the transmission model parameters and unobserved data using the Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm described in Materials and Methods and SI Text. The posterior distributions obtained for the model parameters are shown in Fig. S6 and the corre-148 sponding posterior modes and 95% credible intervals (CI) are	-16.544902801513672	-19.514530181884766	2
DNA segment of African Swine Fever Virus first detected in hard ticks from sheep and bovine. In this study, we aimed to detect viruses in hard ticks using the small RNA sequencing based method. A 235-bp DNA segment was detected in Dermacentor nuttalli (hard ticks) and D. silvarum (hard ticks) from sheep and bovine, respectively. The detected 235-bp segment had an identity of 99% to a 235-bp DNA segment of African Swine Fever Virus (ASFV) and contained three single nucleotide mutations (C38T, C76T and A108C). C38T, resulting in an single amino acid mutation G66D, suggests the existence of a new ASFV strain, which is different from all reported ASFV strains in NCBI GenBank database. These results also suggest that ASFV could have a wide range of hosts or vectors, beyond the well known Suidae family and soft ticks. Our findings pave the way toward further studies of ASFV transmission and development of prevention and control measures.	15.179585456848145	2.0026519298553467	10
DNA-scaffolded biomaterials enable modular and tunable control of cell-based cancer immunotherapies. Advanced biomaterials provide versatile ways to spatially and temporally control immune cell activity, potentially enhancing their therapeutic potency and safety. Precise cell modulation demands multi-modal display of functional proteins with controlled densities on biomaterials. Here, we develop an artificial immune cell engager (AICE) platform -biodegradable particles onto which multiple proteins are densely loaded with ratiometric control via short nucleic acid tethers. We demonstrate the impact of AICE with varying ratios of anti-CD3 and anti-CD28 antibodies on ex vivo expansion of human primary T cells. We also show that AICE can be used to control the activity of engineered T cells in vivo. AICE injected intratumorally can provide a local priming signal for systemically administered AND-gate chimeric antigen receptor T cells, driving local tumor clearance while sparing uninjected tumors that model potentially cross-reactive healthy tissues. This modularly functionalized biomaterial thus provides a flexible platform to achieve sophisticated control over cell-based immunotherapies. Functionalized biomaterials can work synergistically with natural or engineered immune cells for cancer immunotherapy 1-15 . Adoptive cell therapy (ACT) using chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) engineered T cells has shown success and clinical approval for the treatment of B cell cancers . However, for CAR T cells to fulfill their promising potential, particularly for targeting solid tumors 17, , important challenges must be overcome to improve both efficacy 17-20 and safety 21-24 . For engineered anti-tumor T cells to achieve durable tumor remission in patients, a demanding manufacturing process is required to ensure the quantity and quality of the cell product for therapeutic use 1, 25-27 . To increase the tumor targeting specificity and	20.216394424438477	29.789440155029297	11
Dark Proteome of Newly Emerged SARS-CoV-2 in Comparison with Human and Bat Coronaviruses. Recently emerged Wuhan's novel coronavirus designated as SARS-CoV-2, a causative agent of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is rapidly spreading its pathogenicity throughout the world now. More than mortalities have occurred worldwide till the writing of this article and this number is increasing every passing hour. World Health Organization (WHO) has declared it as a global public health emergency. The multiple sequence alignment data correlated with already published reports on SARS-CoV-2 indicated that it is closely related to Bat-Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome like coronavirus (Bat CoV SARS-like) and wellstudied Human SARS. In this study, we have exploited the complementary approach to examine the intrinsically disordered regions in proteome of SARS-CoV-2 using Bat SARSlike and Human SARS CoVs as comparative models. According to our findings, SARS-CoV-2 proteome contains a significant amount of ordered proteins except Nucleocapsid, Nsp8, and ORF6. Further, cleavage sites in replicase 1ab polyprotein are found to be highly disordered. We have extensively investigated the dark proteome in SARS-CoV-2 which will have implications for the structured and unstructured biology of SARS or SARS-like coronaviruses. Significance: The infection caused by Novel Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is responsible for the current pandemic that cause severe respiratory disease and pneumonia-like infection in humans. Currently, there is no such in-depth information on protein structure and function available in public domain and no effective anti-viral or vaccines are available for the treatment of this infection. Our study provides comparative order and disorder-based proteome information with Human SARS and Bat CoV that may be useful for structure-based drug discovery.	10.431795120239258	11.754592895507812	4
Deconvoluting Virome-Wide Antiviral Antibody Profiling Data. The ability to comprehensively characterize exposures and immune responses to viral infections will be critical to better understanding human health and disease. We previously described the VirScan system, a phage-display based technology for profiling antibody binding to a comprehensive library of peptides designed to represent the human virome. The previous VirScan analytical approach did not fully account for disproportionate representation of viruses in the library or for antibody cross-reactivity among sequences shared by related viruses. Here we present the 'AntiViral Antibody Response Deconvolution Algorithm' ('AVARDA'), a multi-module software package for analyzing VirScan datasets. AVARDA provides a probabilistic assessment of infection at species-level resolution by considering alignment of all library peptides to each other and to all human viruses. We employed AVARDA to analyze VirScan data from a cohort of encephalitis patients with either known viral infections or undiagnosed etiologies. By comparing acute and convalescent sera, AVARDA successfully confirmed or detected antibody responses to human herpesviruses 1, 3, 4, 5, and 6, thereby improving the rate of diagnosing viral encephalitis in this cohort by 62.5%. We further assessed AVARDA's utility in the setting of an epidemiological study, demonstrating its ability to determine infections acquired in a child followed prospectively from infancy. We consider ways in which AVARDA's conceptual framework may be further developed in the future and describe how its analyses may be extended beyond investigations of viral infection. AVARDA, in combination with VirScan and other pan-pathogen serological techniques, is likely to find broad utility in the epidemiology and diagnosis of infectious diseases.	-4.747581958770752	-2.280376434326172	6
Decoupling the effects of nutrition, age and behavioral caste on honey bee physiology and immunity. Nutritional stress, and especially a dearth of pollen, is considered an important factor associated with honey bee colony losses. We used pollen-restricted colonies as a model to study the nutritional stress conditions experienced in colonies within intensively cultivated agricultural areas. This model was complemented by the establishment of an experimental design, which allowed us to uncouple the effect of nutrition, behavior and age in colonies of similar size and demography. We used this system to determine the effect of pollen restriction on workers' behavioral development. Then, we analyzed the effect of nutritional stress, behavior and age on the expression of key physiological genes involved in the regulation of division of labor. Finally, we analyzed the effects of these variables on the expression of immune genes and the titers of honey bee viruses. Our results show that pollen restriction led to an increased number of precocious foragers and this behavioral transition was associated with important changes in the expression of nutritionally regulated physiological genes, immunity and viral titers. Vitellogenin (vg) and major royal jelly protein (mrjp1) were the most predictive markers of nutrition and behavior. The expression of immune genes was primarily affected by behavior, with higher levels in foragers. Deformed wing virus (DWV) titers were significantly affected by behavior and nutritional status, with higher titer in foragers and increased levels associated with pollen ingestion. Correlation analyses support the predominant effect of behavior on immunity and susceptibility to viral infection, revealing that both immune genes and DWV exhibited strong negative correlations with genes associated with nursing, but positive correlations with genes associated with foraging. Our results provide valuable insights into the physiological mechanisms by which nutritional stress induce precocious foraging and increased susceptibility to viral infections. Approximately 35-40% of the world's crop production comes from plant species that depend on animal pollination [1] which is carried out primarily by honey bees [2]. However, populations of honey bees have experienced a severe decline during recent years worldwide [3, 4]. Possible causes for colony losses have been proposed, including the effects of pesticides [5], nutritional stress [6-8], the parasitic mite Varroa destructor [9, 10] and synergistic interactions between Varroa and honey bee viruses [11]. However, none of these independent factors is consistently associated with colony losses to suggest a single causal agent [3]. Thus, colony losses are likely the result of the combination of several underlying factors [12, 13]. There are several lines of evidence indicating that nutritional stress is an important contributing factor for colony losses. First, there is a positive relationship between the area of uncultivated forage land surrounding an apiary and annual colony survival [6, 8] suggesting that habitat loss play a significant role in honeybee colony losses. Second, at individual levels, honey bees from colonies kept in areas of high cultivation exhibited decreased levels of physiological biomarkers associated with nutrition compared with bees kept in areas of low cultivation [7, 14], demonstrating that availability of floral resources affects the nutritional state of honey bees. Habitat loss associated with increased use of monocultures reduces both the quality (diversity of plant sources) and the quantity of the pollen collected by the bees [15]. Simultaneous flowering in monocultures provide pollen for a restricted period, and hives surrounded by monocultures presumably experience pollen dearth before and after this period. Pollen is the main source of proteins and lipids for honey bees [16, 17] and pollen from different plants differ in amino acid content [18, 19] and fatty acids [20]. Thus, the consumption of pollen from diverse plant sources increases the probability of obtaining the set of nutritional components (e.g., essential amino acids and fatty acids) required for balanced nutrition. Plasticity is a key feature of honey bee behavioral development [21], which is important for understanding the consequences of nutritional stress on colony health and fitness. In the honey bee, as in other eusocial insects, behavioral division of labor in workers is initially age-dependent [21, 22]. Under typical spring and summer conditions in temperate climates, honey bee lifespan is approximately one month. During the first two to three weeks of adult life, workers perform tasks in the hive such as brood care ("nursing"); while in the last one to two weeks of life, workers forage for food outside the colony [23, 24]. However, honey bee behavioral development is flexible and can be accelerated or delayed according to colony demography and as an adaptive response to different challenges [21]. In particular, the timing of nurse to forager transition is normally accelerated in response to diverse types of stressors, including diseases [25] and malnutrition [26]. Interactions among key elements of the extended insulin/insulin-like growth signaling/target of rapamycin (IIS/TOR) pathway including vitellogenin (Vg), juvenile hormone (JH) and insulin-88 like peptides (ILPs), regulate important physiological processes in honey bees, including behavioral division of labor [27-31]. Vg is a yolk protein highly expressed in the fat bodies [29], secreted into the hemolymph and then imported by developing oocytes [32]. JH, one of the major insect hormones, is synthesized in the corpora allata in a final reaction catabolized by the enzyme methyl farnesoate epoxidase (MFE) [33]. There are two genes encoding insulin genes (ilp1 and ilp2) in the honey bee genome [34], which are expressed in several tissues and organs including the brain and fat bodies [27, 29, 30]. In workers, negative interactions among vg with JH and insulin like peptides are associated with task performance: while vg levels are higher in nurses compared with foragers [29, 35-37], JH titers [21, 36, 38, 39] brain ilp1 and fat body ilp2 mRNA levels follow an opposite pattern [27, 29, 30]. Experimental manipulations showed that these correlations reveal causative positive and negative interactions among these three regulatory elements. Thus, JH treatments inhibit vg expression [35, 40], but induce higher brain ilp1 levels [29] and precocious foraging [21, 41]. Consistently, experimental reduction of vg by RNA interference also result in higher levels of JH [27] and precocious foraging [28]. In recent years, the proposal that nutrition is an important factor regulating the division of labor among social insects has received increased support [26, 30, 42-46]. Pollen consumption is low in young bees, largest in about 9-day-old nurses and then declines to minimal amounts in foragers [47], which rely primarily on honey intake. Cage experiments showed that 6-day-old workers eating pollen and sugar have higher abdominal vg and low brain ilp1 levels, while same-age bees fed with only sugar had the inverse pattern [30]; resembling the expression profiles observed in colony-reared nurses and foragers, respectively [29]. The effect of pollen on behavioral development could result from its protein content. In support of this view, it has been shown that increased levels of hemolymph amino acids, induced by protein injection, resulted in high vg mRNA levels and delayed foraging [27]. Additionally, lipid metabolism also has been involved in nutritional regulation of division of labor. Lipid content closely correlates with task performance, being higher in nurses compared to foragers [43]. Feeding of an inhibitor of fatty acid synthesis (TOFA) induced precocious foraging [48], further supporting a role of lipids on the regulation of division of labor. However, it remains to be tested whether supplementary lipids (e.g., essential fatty acids) have an effect on the nutritional regulation of this process. Since genes that regulate behavioral division of labor are nutritionally regulated, they could be expected to be ideal biomarkers of both nutritional and behavioral state in cage as well as colony-121 level studies. Progressive evidence is revealing that behavioral and nutritional states influence honey bee immunity and susceptibility to pathogens. Thus, the use of reliable markers for these traits can also facilitate effective disease diagnosis. Indeed, the initial use of vg as a predictive marker of colony losses [49] and colony nutritional state [14] provides a promising starting point toward this direction. Although insects lack an acquired immunity, they have developed an efficient innate immune system against a broad variety of pathogens [50]. Innate immunity has been traditionally divided into humoral and cellular responses, but there are complex interactions and no clearly defined boundaries between both types of immune responses [51]. Four main gene pathways mediate insect innate immunity: Toll, IMD, JNK and JAK/ STAT, which include elements implicated in both the humoral and cellular immune responses and belong to gene families involved in signaling, pathogen recognition and effector functions [52, 53]. Humoral immune responses are mainly associated with antimicrobial effectors belonging to the Toll pathway such as abaecin [54], defensin1 (def1) [55] and hymenoptaecin (hym) [56]. On the other hand, cellular immunity is mediated by haemocytes and involves responses including phagocytosis, nodulation and encapsulation [57] While phagocytosis is mediated by pathogen recognition proteins (e.g., peptidoglycan recognition proteins L and S) [58] and transmembrane proteins such as eater [59], nodulation and encapsulation are often accompanied by melanization, a process catalyzed by the pro-phenoloxidase (PPO) and pro-phenoloxidase activator (PPOact) enzymes [52, 60, 61]. Different studies have revealed interactions among nutrition, immunity and physiological changes associated with behavioral development. First, nutrition affects the expression of immune genes [62-64] and susceptibility to different pathogens [65-68]. Second, infections of pathogens and almost 3X higher when compared with P-UR colonies (100 and 35, respectively; P= <0.0001). Analysis of nectar and pollen foragers in each nutritional group showed higher numbers of both types of foragers in P-R compared with P-UR colonies (nectar: P-R=53, P-UR-24, P= <0.0001; pollen: P-R=47, P-UR=11, P= <0.0001). While no significant differences were found between the number of nectar and pollen foragers in P-R colonies (P=0.52), the difference between both types of foragers in P-UR colonies was highly significant (P=0.0027) with a lower number of new pollen foragers than nectar foragers under this condition ( Figure 1A and Figures S2 and S3 ). Brood production. Two days after the end of the behavioral observations, and one day after the last collection of 3-181 week-old workers, newly-emerged bees were counted on frames from P-R and P-UR colonies until the last bees emerged after days. The cumulative number of newly-emerged bees from P-183 R colonies was significantly lower compared to P-UR colonies (2573 and 3881, respectively. P=0.014) (Figure 1B). Figure 1. Effects of pollen restriction on foraging and brood production. Values were pooled from eight pollen restricted (P-R) and eight pollen un-restricted colonies (P-U). The upper panel (A) shows the effect of nutrition on the average number of new foragers per day. The y-axis indicates the number of nectar foragers, pollen foragers and total foragers observed per day (sum of periods of min each). Nutritional groups plotted in the x-axis are as follow: pollen-191 restricted colonies (R), pollen-unrestricted colonies (UR). The lower panel (B) compares the total number of bees born (y-axis) from colonies in both nutritional conditions (x-axis). Error bars represent SE across colonies. Significant differences in the total number of foragers between R and UR colonies are represented with black stars. Differences in pollen or nectar foragers between nutritional conditions are represented with blue stars. Behavioral, nutritional and age analyses of gene expression and virus titers Genes associated with physiological activity Vg expression was significantly affected by behavior, with higher levels in nurses in all nutritional and age groups (P= <0.0001 for all behavioral comparisons). Expression levels in nurses were on average 3.75X higher compared with foragers. (Figure 2A) . Nutritional treatments also had a significant effect on vg expression, with higher levels in nurses from colonies with unrestricted access to pollen (P-UR) compared with nurses from colonies with restricted access to pollen (P-R) in both age groups (2-week-old: P= <0.0001; 3-week-old: P=0.0075). Foragers also showed higher levels of vg in P-UR colonies compared with P-R colonies, but only at the younger group (P=0.0003). Lastly, age comparisons showed a significant increase in 3-week-old workers in all the nutritional and behavioral comparisons with the exception of foragers from P-UR colonies (Figure 2A and Table S2 ). Mrjp1 expression levels were strongly affected by behavior with higher levels in nurses compared with foragers in all the nutritional and age comparisons. On average, mrjp1 levels in nurses were 5X higher compared with foragers. On the other hand, nutritional comparisons showed that pollen consumption induced a significant increase of mrjp1 in younger nurses (P=0.009) and foragers (7.2e-6) compared with workers from P-R colonies. No nutritional differences were observed in older 3-week-old workers. Age comparisons showed a tendency toward higher levels in older foragers, which become significant in all the comparisons with the exception of foragers from P-222 UR colonies. It is interesting to note, that our whole-body analyses reveal that mrjp1 mRNA levels were substantially higher compared with vg, being on average over 500X higher ( Figure 2A). Mfe expression showed behaviorally related changes in 2-week-old workers, with higher levels in nurses compared with foragers (P-R= 0.015, P-UR=0.016). In contrast, no significant behavioral differences were observed in 3-week-old workers. On the other hand, nutritional comparisons showed significantly higher mfe expression associated with pollen intake exclusively in 3-week-230 old workers (nurses: P=0.035, foragers: P=0.014). Lastly, age comparisons revealed a trend toward down-regulation of mfe expression in older workers. However, significant differences were only found in foragers from P-R colonies (P=0.002). ( Figure 2B ). The expression of ilp1 revealed complex interactions in our behavioral and nutritional analyses. The behavioral analysis showed significantly higher levels in younger foragers from P-UR colonies (P=0.033) and in older nurses from P-R colonies (P=0.034). On the other hand, nutritional comparisons exhibited higher levels in 2-week-old foragers from P-UR colonies and 3-week-old nurses from P-R colonies (2-week-old: nurses P=0.61, foragers P=0.014; 3-week-old nurses P=0.01, foragers P=0.30). In contrast with behavior and nutritional analyses, age comparisons revealed a significant down-regulation in the expression of ilp1 in most of the nutritional and behavioral groups of older workers (P-R nurses: P=0.058, P-R foragers: P= <0.0001, P-UR nurses: P= 0.0001, P-UR foragers: P= 0.0005) ( Figure 2B ). Expression of ilp2 showed behavioral differences only in younger workers, with higher levels in foragers both from P-R (P=0.0001) and P-UR (P=0.006) colonies. Nutritional comparisons showed a trend toward higher ilp2 levels with pollen consumption in 2-week-old workers, but the differences were marginally significant (P-R=0.08, P-UR=0.08) (Table S2 ). In contrast, higher expression of ilp2 was associated with pollen restriction in both 3-week-old nurses (P=0.0001) and foragers (P=0.037). Age comparisons revealed higher ilp2 expression in workers from colonies experiencing pollen restriction (nurses P= <0.0001, foragers P=0.001). Additionally, our	-19.72334098815918	8.819613456726074	11
Deep Learning-based Detection for COVID-19 from Chest CT using Weak Label. Accurate and rapid diagnosis of COVID-19 suspected cases plays a crucial role in timely quarantine and medical treatment. Developing a deep learning-based model for automatic COVID-19 detection on chest CT is helpful to counter the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2. A weakly-supervised deep learning-based software system was developed using 3D CT volumes to detect COVID-19. For each patient, the lung region was segmented using a pre-trained UNet; then the segmented 3D lung region was fed into a 3D deep neural network to predict the probability of COVID-19 infectious. CT volumes collected from Dec. 13, 2019, to Jan. 23, 2020, were used for training and CT volumes collected from Jan 24, 2020, to Feb 6, 2020, were used for testing. The deep learning algorithm obtained 0.959 ROC AUC and 0.976 PR AUC. There was an operating point with 0.907 sensitivity and 0.911 specificity in the ROC curve. When using a probability threshold of 0.5 to classify COVID-positive and COVID-negative, the algorithm obtained an accuracy of 0.901, a positive predictive value of 0.840 and a very high negative predictive value of 0.982. The algorithm took only 1.93 seconds to process a single patient's CT volume using a dedicated GPU. Our weaklysupervised deep learning model can accurately predict the COVID-19 infectious probability in chest CT volumes without the need for annotating the lesions for training. The easily-trained and highperformance deep learning algorithm provides a fast way to identify COVID-19 patients, which is beneficial to control the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2. The developed deep learning software is available at	-2.5408377647399902	0.9113436937332153	6
Deep sequencing of primary human lung epithelial cells challenged with H5N1 influenza virus reveals a proviral role for CEACAM1 3. Current prophylactic and therapeutic strategies targeting human influenza viruses include vaccines and antivirals. Given variable rates of vaccine efficacy and antiviral resistance, alternative strategies are urgently required to improve disease outcomes. Here we describe the use of HiSeq deep sequencing to analyze host gene expression in primary human alveolar epithelial type II cells infected with highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1 virus. At hours post-infection, host genes were significantly up-regulated, including the cell adhesion molecule CEACAM1. The up-regulation of CEACAM1 was blocked in the presence of the reactive oxygen species inhibitor, apocynin. H5N1 virus infection stimulated significantly higher CEACAM1 protein expression when compared to low pathogenic PR8 H1N1 virus, suggesting a key role for CEACAM1 in influenza virus pathogenicity. Furthermore, silencing of endogenous CEACAM1 resulted in reduced levels of proinflammatory cytokine/chemokine production, as well as reduced levels of virus replication following H5N1 infection. Our study provides evidence for the involvement of CEACAM1 in a clinically relevant model of H5N1 infection and may assist in the development of host-oriented antiviral strategies. IMPORTANCE Highly pathogenic avian H5N1 influenza virus continues to pose a potential pandemic threat. Therapeutic strategies that enhance host immune responses to promote clearance of influenza virus infection are urgently needed. CEACAM1 was significantly up-regulated in primary alveolar epithelial type II cells infected with H5N1 virus. It was one of human genes identified using HiSeq deep sequencing analysis that were up-regulated following H5N1 infection. Although CEACAM1 is known for its multifaceted immune regulatory role, little is known about its contribution to host immunity. The results presented here show that CEACAM1	12.290445327758789	25.078384399414062	0
DeepTracer: Predicting Backbone Atomic Structure from High Resolution Cryo-EM Den- sity Maps of Protein Complexes XXXXXXX Received on XXXXX; revised on XXXXX; accepted on XXXXX. Motivation: Accurately determining the atomic structure of proteins represents a fundamental problem in the field of structural bioinformatics. A solution would be significant as protein structure information could be utilized in the medical field, e.g. in the development of vaccines for new viruses. This paper focuses on predicting the protein structure based on 3D images of the proteins captured through cryogenic electron microscopes (cryo-EM). A fully automated computationally efficient protein structure prediction method would be particularly beneficial in the field of cryo-EM as the technology allows researchers to photograph multiple large protein complexes in a single study, which means that a fast prediction method could allow for a high throughput of derived protein structures. We present a deep learning approach, DeepTracer, for predicting locations of the backbone atoms, secondary structure elements, and the amino acid types. In order to connect the predicted amino acids into chains, we applied a modified traveling salesman algorithm. Results: We trained our deep learning model on experimental cryo-EM density maps and tested it on a set of density maps. We found that our new approach predicted protein structures with an average RMSD value of 1.18 and a coverage of 87.5%. Furthermore, we detected secondary structure information for 87.2% of amino acids correctly. We also showed preliminarily that 25.2% of amino acid types could be predicted directly from the 3D cryo-EM density map, considering different types in total. Finally, we noted that the prediction runtime of DeepTracer is significantly improved compared to other methods. It predicts a large protein complex structure of more than 30,000 amino acids in only hours. Availability: The repository of this project will be published. There are two main approaches to predict protein structures: homology modeling and de novo structure prediction. They differ in such that homology modeling requires structural knowledge about a homologous protein for its prediction while de novo methods do not. This limits the	-14.903680801391602	0.29669249057769775	6
Demographic science aids in understanding the spread and fatality rates of COVID-19. Governments around the world must rapidly mobilize and make difficult policy decisions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic. Because deaths have been concentrated at older ages, we highlight the important role of demography, particularly how the age structure of a population may help explain differences in fatality rates across countries and how transmission unfolds. We examine the role of age structure in deaths thus far in Italy and South Korea and illustrate how the pandemic could unfold in populations with similar population sizes but different age structures, showing a dramatically higher burden of mortality in countries with older versus younger populations. This powerful interaction of demography and current age-specific mortality for COVID-19 suggests that social distancing and other policies to slow transmission should consider both the age composition of local and national contexts as well as the social connectedness of older and younger generations. We also call for countries to provide case and fatality data disaggregated by age and sex to improve real-time targeted nowcasting.	-14.031153678894043	-21.322368621826172	2
Demonstration of four entities of appendicitis in China through studying cluster/outbreak. To differentiate different entities of appendicitis through studying cluster/outbreak, ascertain common setting of cluster/outbreak, and provide the epidemiological evidences of infectious etiology of appendicitis. Background: Differential diagnosis and management for perforated appendicitis and non-perforated appendicitis and the infectious etiology of appendicitis are current hot topics. Methods: Field investigation for Tibetan students were carried out and reports published in English and Chinese medical journals were reviewed. The literature review included patients in cluster/outbreaks of appendicitis in provinces and autonomous regions. All the clusters/outbreaks occurred in group living units. We found two classic entities of appendicitis with natural history from nonperforated appendicitis to perforated appendicitis and two entities of non-perforated appendicitis. In classic entities, one may represent majority of sporadic patients and the other may represent partial sporadic patients with obvious gastrointestinal manifestation. In entities of non-perforated appendicitis, one was identical to features of sporadic nonperforated appendicitis and the other one is identical to the following Tibetan students and associated with Fusobacterium. The field investigation for Tibetan students with appendicitis showed that the resected appendices exhibited diffuse or focal hemorrhages and infiltration by eosinophils and by lymphocytes. Most patients had normal body temperature, white blood cell count and neutrophil count. This is a new entity of appendicitis. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint The clusters/outbreaks of appendicitis showed the features of infectious disease in epidemiology. The entity of perforated appendicitis was not found. Studying cluster/outbreak is a good method to differentiate different entities of appendicitis and infectious etiology. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint . Cluster/outbreak often results from common cause, therefore almost every patient in cluster/outbreak belongs to the same entity and appeared in certain stage of same entity. Connecting each stage, we can know full natural histories of different entities and accordingly demonstrate whether or not perforated appendicitis and non-perforated appendicitis are different entities. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint METHODS Field investigation of cluster/outbreak was carried out according to Reingold AL's methods and literature review was carried out to find the other cluster/outbreak. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint of non-perforated and perforated appendicitis: Implications for pathophysiology and management. Ann Surg 2007; 245(6):886-892. Andersson RE. The natural history and traditional management of appendicitis revisited:Spontaneous resolution and predominance of prehospital perforations imply that a correct diagnosis is more important than an early diagnosis. World J Surg 2007; 31(1):86-92. Körner H1, Söndenaa K, Söreide JA. Incidence of acute non-perforated and perforated appendicitis: age-specific and sex-specific analysis. World J Surg. 1997; 21(3):313-317. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint 32. Lead from MMWR. Investigation of a cluster of appendicitis outbreaks-Texas. JAMA 1987; 258(3):310-311. Guo Y, Xiao SY, Yan H, Sun ND, Jiang MS, Liu DY. Cluster of acute hemorrhagic appendicitis among high school students in Wuhan, China. Am J Surg 2004; 188(2):115-121. Swidsinski A, Loening-Baucke V, Biche-Ool S, et al. Mucosal invasion by author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	6.766680717468262	-15.027901649475098	7
Department of Occupational and Environmental Health. We compared epidemiological characteristics across periods and different demographic groups. We developed a susceptible-exposed-infectious-recovered model to study the epidemic and evaluate the impact of interventions. The median age of the cases was years and 50.3% were women. The attack rate peaked in the third period and substantially declined afterwards across geographic regions, sex and age groups, except for children (age <20) whose attack rate continued to increase. Healthcare workers and elderly people had higher attack rates and severity risk increased with age. The effective reproductive number dropped from 3.86 (95% credible interval 3.74 to 3.97) before interventions to 0.32 (0.28 to 0.37) post interventions. The interventions were estimated to prevent 94.5% (93.7 to 95.2%) infections till February 18. We found that at least 59% of infected cases were unascertained in Wuhan, potentially including asymptomatic and mild-symptomatic . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.69011878967285	-32.75621795654297	2
Design: An assay based on single-polypeptide-chain heterodimeric A2AR/D2R and non-oligomerized fusions for in vivo analysis of their allosteric receptor-receptor interactions. Abbreviations: A2AR, adenosine A2A receptor; 3HA-A2AR, A2AR tagged with a triple HA epitope; Bchl, bacteriochlorophyll; BRET, bioluminescence resonance energy transfer; C, carboxy-terminal; CD, cluster of differentiation; D2LR and D2SR, the long and short form of dopamine D2 receptor, respectively; Fab, antigen binding fragment; Fc, Fc fragment; FcRI, high affinity receptor for IgE; FRET, fluorescence resonance energy transfer; G4S, an amino acid sequence consisting of a four-glycine-repeat followed by a serine residue;	-9.154479026794434	32.47743606567383	12
Designing Effective small interfering RNA for Post-Transcriptional Silencing of Human GREM1: A Comprehensive Bioinformatics Approach. Human gremlin-1 is a physiologically versatile signaling molecule that has been associated with several human diseases including cancer. The ability of gremlin-1 to induce fibrosis in organs and transduce angiogenesis makes it a target for cancer therapy. RNAi-based therapy has proven to be very efficient and specific in tumor growth inhibition. The efficacy and specificity of siRNA-mediated gene silencing depends on the designing approaches. Here, empirical guidelines for siRNA design and comprehensive target site availability analysis were used to select effective siRNA from a plethora of potential candidates designed using several computation algorithms. Then, the selected siRNA candidates were subjected to stringent similarity searches in order to obtain siRNA candidates with reduced off-target effects (high specificity). The best candidates were compared to experimentally successful gremlin-1 siRNAs in order to predict the silencing potency of the selected siRNAs. siRNA-6 (sense strand: 5'-CCAAGAAAUUCACUACCAU-3'), siRNA-7 (sense strand: 5'-CCAUGAUGGUCACACUCAA-3') and siRNA-47 (sense strand: 5'-GGCCCAGCACAAUGACUCA-3') were predicted to be highly effective siRNA candidates for gremlin-1 silencing. These siRNAs can be considered for RNAi-based therapy because off-target effects are predicted to be minimal.	13.593783378601074	31.788610458374023	11
Detectable serum SARS-CoV-2 viral load (RNAaemia) is closely associated with drastically elevated interleukin (IL-6) level in critically ill COVID-19 patients. Although the SARS-CoV-2 viral load detection of respiratory specimen has been widely used for novel coronavirus disease diagnosis, it is undeniable that serum SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid (RNAaemia) could be detected in a fraction of the COVID-19 patients. However, it is not clear that if the incidence of RNAaemia could be correlated with the occurrence of cytokine storm or with the specific class of patients. This study enrolled patients with COVID-19 admitted to the General Hospital of Central Theater Command, PLA, a designated hospital in Wuhan, China. The patients were divided into three groups according to the Dia gnosis and Treatment of New Coronavirus Pneumonia (version 6) published by the National Health Commission of China. The clinical and laboratory data were collected. The serum viral load detection and serum IL-6 levels were determined. Except for routine statistical analysis, Generalized Linear Models (GLMs) analysis was used to establish a patient status prediction model based on real-time RT-PCR Ct value. The Result showed that cases with RNAaemia were exclusively confirmed in critically ill patients group and appeared to reflect the illness severity. Further more, the inflammatory cytokine IL-6 levels were significantly elevated in critically ill patients, which is almost 10-folds higher than those in other patients. More importantly, the extremely high IL-6 level was closely correlated with the incidence of RNAaemia (R=0.902) and the vital signs of COVID-19 patients (R= -0.682). Serum SARS-CoV-2 viral load (RNAaemia) is strongly associated with cytokine storm and can be used to predict the poor prognosis of COVID-19 patients. Moreover, our results strongly suggest that cytokine IL-6 should be considered as a therapeutic target in critically ill patients with excessive inflammatory response. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	11.422654151916504	-20.575979232788086	7
Determining the Replication Kinetics and Cellular Tropism of Influenza D Virus on Primary Well-Differentiated Human Airway Epithelial Cells. Influenza viruses are notorious pathogens that frequently cross the species barrier with often severe consequences for both animal and human health. In 2011, a novel member of the Orthomyxoviridae family, Influenza D virus (IDV), was identified in the respiratory tract of swine. Epidemiological surveys revealed that IDV is distributed worldwide among livestock and that IDV-directed antibodies are detected in humans with occupational exposure to livestock. To identify the transmission capability of IDV to humans, we determined the viral replication kinetics and cell tropism using an in vitro respiratory epithelium model of humans. The inoculation of IDV revealed efficient replication kinetics and apical progeny virus release at different body temperatures. Intriguingly, the replication characteristics of IDV revealed higher replication kinetics compared to Influenza C virus, despite sharing the cell tropism preference for ciliated cells. Collectively, these results might indicate why IDV-directed antibodies are detected among humans with occupational exposure to livestock.	14.883584976196289	23.252578735351562	10
Development and Evaluation of A CRISPR-based Diagnostic For 2019-novel Coronavirus. The recent outbreak of infections by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), the third zoonotic CoV has raised great public health concern. The demand for rapid and accurate diagnosis of this novel pathogen brought significant clinical and technological challenges. Currently, metagenomic next-generation sequencing (mNGS) and reverse-transcription PCR (RT-PCR) are the most widely used molecular diagnostics for 2019-nCoV. Methods 2019-nCoV infections were confirmed in specimens by mNGS. Genomic information was analyzed and used for the design and development of an isothermal, CRISPR-based diagnostic for the novel virus. The diagnostic performance of CRISPR-nCoV was assessed and also compared across three technology platforms (mNGS, RT-PCR and CRISPR) Results 2019-nCoVs sequenced in our study were conserved with the Wuhan strain, and shared certain genetic similarity with SARS-CoV. A high degree of variation in the level of viral the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	1.4850770235061646	-1.2595359086990356	6
Development of Reverse Transcription Loop-mediated Isothermal Amplification (RT-LAMP) Assays Targeting SARS-CoV-2. now have more than 100,000 confirmed cases worldwide. Diagnosis of COVID-19 is currently performed by RT-qPCR methods, but the capacity of RT-qPCR methods is limited by its requirement of high-level facilities and instruments. Here, we developed and evaluated RT-LAMP assays to detect genomic RNA of SARS-CoV-2, the causative virus of COVID-19. RT-LAMP assays in this study can detect as low as copies of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. Cross-reactivity of RT-LAMP assays to other human Coronaviruses was not observed. We also adapted a colorimetric detection method for our RT-LAMP assay so that the tests potentially performed in higher throughput.	2.363457441329956	-3.5424721240997314	6
Development of a Rapid Fluorescent Immunochromatographic Test to Detect Respiratory Syncytial Virus. Human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is one of the most common viruses infecting the respiratory tracts of infants. The rapid and sensitive detection of RSV is important to minimize the incidence of infection. In this study, novel monoclonal antibodies (mAbs; B11A5 and E8A11) against RSV nucleoprotein (NP) were developed and applied to develop a rapid fluorescent immunochromatographic strip test (FICT), employing europium nanoparticles as the fluorescent material. For the FICT, the limits of detection of the antigen and virus were 1.25 µg/mL and 4.23 × TCID /mL, respectively, corresponding to 4.75 × ± 5.8 ×10 (mean ± SD) RNA copy numbers per reaction mixture for RSV NP. A clinical study revealed a sensitivity of 90% (18/20) and specificity of 98.18% (108/110) for RSV detection when comparing the performance to that of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), representing a 15% improvement in sensitivity over the SD Bioline rapid kit. This newly developed FICT could be a useful tool for the rapid diagnosis of RSV infection.	3.2618935108184814	-6.211775302886963	10
Development of human antibody fragments using antibody phage display for the detection and diagnosis of Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus (VEEV). Background: Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus (VEEV) belongs to the Alphavirus group. Several species of this family are also pathogenic to humans and are recognized as potential agents of biological warfare and terrorism. The objective of this work was the generation of recombinant antibodies for the detection of VEEV after a potential bioterrorism assault or an natural outbreak of VEEV. In this work, human anti-VEEV single chain Fragments variable (scFv) were isolated for the first time from a human naïve antibody gene library using optimized selection processes. In total eleven different scFvs were identified and their immunological specificity was assessed. The specific detection of the VEEV strains TC83, H12/93 and by the selected antibody fragments was proved. Active as well as formalin inactivated virus particles were recognized by the selected antibody fragments which could be also used for Western blot analysis of VEEV proteins and immunohistochemistry of VEEV infected cells. The anti-VEEV scFv phage clones did not show any cross-reactivity with Alphavirus species of the Western equine encephalitis virus (WEEV) and Eastern equine encephalitis virus (EEEV) antigenic complex, nor did they react with Chikungunya virus (CHIKV), if they were used as detection reagent. Conclusion: For the first time, this study describes the selection of antibodies against a human pathogenic virus from a human naïve scFv antibody gene library using complete, active virus particles as antigen. The broad and sensitive applicability of scFv-presenting phage for the immunological detection and diagnosis of Alphavirus species was demonstrated. The selected antibody fragments will improve the fast identification of VEEV in case of a biological warfare or terroristic attack or a natural outbreak.	19.483102798461914	17.860673904418945	10
Development of porcine rotavirus vp6 protein based ELISA for differentiation of this virus and other viruses. The context and purpose of the study included 1) bacterial expression of viral protein (VP6) of porcine rotavirus (PRV) and generation of rabbit polyclonal antiserum to the VP6 protein; 3) establishment of a discrimination ELISA to distinguish PRV from a panel of other porcine viruses. Results: The VP6 gene of PRV isolate DN30209 amplified by reverse transcription-PCR was bp containing a complete open reading frame (ORF) encoding amino acids. Sequence comparison and phylogenetic analysis indicated that PRV DN30209 may belong to group A of rotavirus. Bacterially expressed VP6 was expressed in E.coli and anti-VP6 antibody was capable of distinguishing PRV from Porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus, Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus, Porcine circovirus type II, Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus, Porcine pseudorabies virus and Porcine parvovirus. Conclusions: PRV VP6 expressed in E. coli can be used to generate antibodies in rabbit; anti-VP6 serum antibody can be used as good diagnostic reagents for detection of PRV.	19.846569061279297	16.197803497314453	10
Diarrhea may be underestimated: a missing link in novel coronavirus. Based on results of inter-group difference test, we found that the incidence of diarrhea differed in three recent reports. As 2019-nCoV utilizes the same cell entry receptor ACE2 as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and ACE2 tightly controls intestinal inflammation, to trace the route of infection mediated by 2019-nCoV, we used the single-cell RNA sequencing data for analysis. We found that the ACE2 mRNA was highly expressed in the healthy human small intestine rather than the lung. Besides, single-cell RNA sequencing data showed that ACE2 was significantly elevated in the proximal and distal enterocytes, where the small intestinal epithelium is exposed to the foreign pathogen. Thus, we suspect that ACE2-expressing small intestinal epithelium cells might be vulnerable to 2019-nCoV infection when people eat infected wild animals and diarrhea may serve as an indicator for infection, suggesting that clinicians should pay more attention to patients with diarrhea during the outbreak of pneumonia. of exported infection cases have been identified in Japan, Korea, the United States, Canada, France, etc. On January 30, 2020, the WHO has confirmed 7,818 cases worldwide, and 7,736 cases were reported in China. According to clinical observation, the most common symptoms were fever, cough, and myalgia or fatigue. Less common symptoms included sputum production, headache, hemoptysis, and diarrhea. Based on three recent publications 1-3 , we compared the incidence of these common symptoms and found that the incidence of diarrhea significantly differed in these three reports. As some patients suffering from diarrhea will first seek help from the gastroenterologist, incorrect estimation of diarrhea may increase the risk of 2019-nCoV infection in the gastroenterology department. Therefore, a comprehensive understanding of the clinical features of pneumonia patients will further improve hospital infection control and reduce healthcare-associated infection. By using the next-generation sequencing technology, scientists revealed that the sequence and genome structure of 2019-nCoV is highly homologous to that of SARS-CoV 4,5 . It has been reported that Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) serves as a receptor-binding domain complexed with receptor. Science 2005;309:1864-8. Wan Y, Shang J, Graham R, Baric RS, Li F. Receptor recognition by novel coronavirus from Wuhan: An analysis based on decade-long structural studies of SARS. Journal of virology 2020.	6.643409252166748	4.463935852050781	7
Differential Antibody Recognition by Novel SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV Spike Protein Receptor Binding Domains: Mechanistic Insights and Implications for the Design of Diagnostics and. The appearance of the novel betacoronavirus SARS-CoV-2 represents a major threat to human health, and its diffusion around the world is causing dramatic consequences. The knowledge of the 3D structures of SARS-CoV-2 proteins can facilitate the development of therapeutic and diagnostic molecules. Specifically, comparative analyses of the structures of SARS-CoV-2 proteins and homologous proteins from previously characterized viruses, such as SARS-CoV, can reveal the common and/or distinctive traits that underlie the mechanisms of recognition of cell receptors and of molecules of the immune system. Herein, we apply our recently developed energy-based methods for the prediction of antibodybinding epitopes and protein-protein interaction regions to the Receptor Binding Domain (RBD) of the Spike proteins from SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV. Our analysis focusses only on the study of the structure of RBDs in isolation, without making use of any previous knowledge of binding properties. Importantly, our results highlight structural and sequence differences among the regions that are predicted to be immunoreactive and bind/elicit antibodies. These results provide a rational basis to the observation that several SARS-CoV RDB-specific monoclonal antibodies fail to appreciably bind the SARS-CoV-2 counterpart. Furthermore, we correctly identify the region of SARS-CoV-2 RBD that is engaged by the cell receptor ACE2 during viral entry into host cells. The data, sequences and structures we present here can be useful for the development of novel therapeutic and diagnostic interventions.	8.255813598632812	15.25511646270752	4
Diffuse Alveolar Damage: A Common Phenomenon in Progressive Interstitial Lung Disorders. It has become obvious that several interstitial lung diseases, and even viral lung infections, can progress rapidly, and exhibit similar features in their lung morphology. The final histopathological feature, common in these lung disorders, is diffuse alveolar damage (DAD). The histopathology of DAD is considered to represent end stage phenomenon in acutely behaving interstitial pneumonias, such as acute interstitial pneumonia (AIP) and acute exacerbations of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). Acute worsening and DAD may occur also in patients with nonspecific interstitial pneumonias (NSIPs), and even in severe viral lung infections where there is DAD histopathology in the lung. A better understanding of the mechanisms underlying the DAD reaction is needed to clarify the treatment for these serious lung diseases. There is an urgent need for international efforts for studying DAD-associated lung diseases, since the prognosis of these patients has been and is still dismal.	5.830859184265137	1.614796757698059	7
Direct Measurement of Rates of Asymptomatic Infection and Clinical Care- Seeking for Seasonal Coronavirus. The pandemic potential of the novel coronavirus (nCoV) that emerged in Wuhan, China, during December is strongly tied to the number and contagiousness of undocumented human infections. Here we present findings from a proactive longitudinal sampling study of acute viral respiratory infections that documents rates of asymptomatic infection and clinical care seeking for seasonal coronavirus. We find that the majority of infections are asymptomatic by most symptom definitions and that only 4% of individuals experiencing a seasonal coronavirus infection episode sought medical care for their symptoms. These numbers indicate that a very high percentage of seasonal coronavirus infections are undocumented and provide a reference for understanding the spread of the emergent nCoV. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.304210662841797	-29.326313018798828	2
Direct RNA nanopore sequencing of full-length coronavirus genomes provides novel insights into structural variants and enables modification analysis. Sequence analyses of RNA virus genomes remain challenging due to the exceptional genetic plasticity of these viruses. Because of high mutation and recombination rates, genome replication by viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerases leads to populations of closely related viruses, so-called 'quasispecies'. Standard (short-read) sequencing technologies are ill-suited to reconstruct large numbers of full-length haplotypes of (i) RNA virus genomes and (ii) subgenome-length (sg) RNAs comprised of noncontiguous genome regions. Here, we used a full-length, direct RNA sequencing (DRS) approach based on nanopores to characterize viral RNAs produced in cells infected with a human coronavirus. Using DRS, we were able to map the longest (∼26 kb) contiguous read to the viral reference genome. By combining Illumina and nanopore sequencing, we reconstructed a highly accurate consensus sequence of the human coronavirus (HCoV) 229E genome (27.3 kb). Furthermore, using long reads that did not require an assembly step, we were able to identify, in infected cells, diverse and novel HCoV-229E sg RNAs that remain to be characterized. Also, the DRS approach, which circumvents reverse transcription and amplification of RNA, allowed us to detect methylation sites in viral RNAs. Our work paves the way for haplotype-based analyses of viral quasispecies by demonstrating the feasibility of intra-sample haplotype separation. Even though several technical challenges remain to be addressed to exploit the potential of the nanopore technology fully, our work illustrates that direct RNA sequencing may significantly advance genomic studies of complex virus populations, including predictions on long-range interactions in individual full-length viral RNA haplotypes.	-4.8708720207214355	-1.209449291229248	6
Direct nanopore sequencing of mRNA reveals landscape of transcript isoforms in apicomplexan parasites. Alternative splicing is a widespread phenomenon in metazoans by which single genes are able to produce multiple isoforms of the gene product. However, this has been poorly characterised in apicomplexans, a major phylum of some of the most important global parasites. Efforts have been hampered by atypical transcriptomic features, such as the high AT content of Plasmodium RNA, but also the limitations of short read sequencing in deciphering complex splicing events. In this study, we utilised the long read direct RNA sequencing platform developed by Oxford Nanopore Technologies (ONT) to survey the alternative splicing landscape of Toxoplasma gondii and Plasmodium falciparum. We find that while native RNA sequencing has a reduced throughput, it allows us to obtain full-length or near full-length transcripts with comparable quantification to Illumina sequencing. By comparing this data with available gene models, we find widespread alternative splicing, particular intron retention, in these parasites. Most of these transcripts contain premature stop codons, suggesting that in these parasites, alternative splicing represents a pathway to transcriptomic diversity, rather than expanding proteomic diversity. Moreover, alternative splicing rates are comparable between parasites, suggesting a shared splicing machinery, despite notable transcriptomic differences between the parasites. This work highlights a strategy in using long read sequencing to understand splicing events at the whole transcript level, and has implications in future interpretation of RNA-seq studies.	-11.914271354675293	15.553503036499023	8
Discovery of a subgenotype of human coronavirus NL63 associated with severe lower respiratory tract infection in China, 2018. Human coronavirus NL63 (HCoV-NL63) is primarily associated with common cold in children, elderly and immunocompromised individuals. Outbreaks caused by HCoV-NL63 are rare. Here we report a cluster of HCoV-NL63 cases with severe lower respiratory tract infection that arose in Guangzhou, China, in 2018. Twenty-three hospitalized children were confirmed to be HCoV-NL63 positive, and most of whom were hospitalized with severe pneumonia or acute bronchitis. Whole genomes of HCoV-NL63 were obtained using next-generation sequencing. Phylogenetic and single amino acid polymorphism analyses showed that this outbreak was associated with two subgenotypes (C3 and B) of HCoV-NL63. Half of patients were identified to be related to a new subgenotype C3. One unique amino acid mutation at I507 L in spike protein receptor binding domain (RBD) was detected, which segregated this subgenotype C3 from other known subgenotypes. Pseudotyped virus bearing the I507 L mutation in RBD showed enhanced entry into host cells as compared to the prototype virus. This study proved that HCoV-NL63 was undergoing continuous mutation and has the potential to cause severe lower respiratory disease in humans. This study reports an outbreak of severe lower respiratory illness caused by two subgenotypes (C3 and B) of human coronavirus NL63 (HCoV-NL63). The new subgenotype C3 with enhanced viral entry into host cells accounts for half of patients, which alerted that HCoV-NL63 which consist of multiple subgenotypes, is undergoing continuous mutation, and has the potential to cause large-scale severe infections in humans.	12.772904396057129	2.5396366119384766	1
Discovery of an antibody for pan- ebolavirus therapy OPEN. During the latest outbreak of Ebola virus disease in West Africa, monoclonal antibody therapy (e.g., ZMapp) was utilized to treat patients. However, due to the antigenic differences among the five ebolavirus species, the current therapeutic monoclonal antibodies are only effective against viruses of the species Zaire ebolavirus. Although this particular species has indeed caused the majority of human infections in Central and, recently, West Africa, other ebolavirus species (e.g., Sudan ebolavirus and Bundibugyo ebolavirus) have also repeatedly caused outbreaks in Central Africa and thus should not be neglected in the development of countermeasures against ebolaviruses. Here we report the generation of an ebolavirus glycoprotein-specific monoclonal antibody that effectively inhibits cellular entry of representative isolates of all known ebolavirus species in vitro and show its protective efficacy in mouse models of ebolavirus infections. This novel neutralizing monoclonal antibody targets a highly conserved internal fusion loop in the glycoprotein molecule and prevents membrane fusion of the viral envelope with cellular membranes. The discovery of this highly cross-neutralizing antibody provides a promising option for broad-acting ebolavirus antibody therapy and will accelerate the design of improved vaccines that can selectively elicit cross-neutralizing antibodies against multiple species of ebolaviruses. Ebolaviruses, members of the family Filoviridae, cause severe hemorrhagic fever in humans and nonhuman primates, with human case fatality rates of up to 90% 1,2 . As proven by the latest epidemic of Ebola virus disease (EVD) in West Africa, ebolaviruses pose a significant public health concern. However, no effective prophylaxis or treatment for EVD is as yet commercially available. Five distinct species are known in the genus Ebolavirus, Zaire ebolavirus, Sudan ebolavirus, Taï forest ebolavirus, Bundibugyo ebolavirus, and Reston ebolavirus, represented by Ebola virus (EBOV), Sudan virus (SUDV), Taï forest virus (TAFV), Bundibugyo virus (BDBV), and Reston virus (RESTV), respectively . Of these, EBOV, SUDV, and BDBV have caused EVD outbreaks with increased frequency in Central and West Africa in the last decade 1,2,4 . Ebolaviruses express a single transmembrane glycoprotein (GP) that is responsible for both receptor binding and membrane fusion, and thus the only known target of neutralizing antibodies. GP undergoes proteolytic cleavage by host proteases such as furin, resulting in the two subunits, GP1 and GP2, which are linked by a disulfide bond 5,6 . The GP1 subunit (amino acids 33-501) contains the core of the glycoprotein, receptor binding domain (RBD), a glycan cap, and a large mucin-like domain which extends around the RBD . The GP2 (amino acids 502-676) subunit contains the internal fusion loop (IFL), heptad repeats and (HR1 and HR2), the transmembrane region (TM), and the cytoplasmic tail (CT) . During the transport of ebolavirus particles to late endosomes, low pH leads to proteolytic processing of GPs by host cysteine proteases such as cathepsins , and the exposed receptor binding site of the proteolytically digested GP is thought to interact with a host receptor, Niemann Pick C1, followed by membrane fusion 8, 10, . Several studies have demonstrated that administration of EBOV GP-specific antibodies protects nonhuman primates from lethal EBOV infection and may constitute a leading treatment option for EVD in humans [12] [13] [14] [15] [16] . During the West African EVD outbreak, EBOV GP-specific monoclonal antibody (MAb) cocktails (e.g., ZMapp) , were used to treat several patients 17-20 . However, most of characterized therapeutic MAbs to date are EBOV GP-specific and cross-neutralizing activity against any other ebolavirus species (e.g., SUDV and	17.27830696105957	15.83588695526123	10
Disease dynamics in a stochastic network game: a little empathy goes a long way in averting outbreaks. Individuals change their behavior during an epidemic in response to whether they and/or those they interact with are healthy or sick. Healthy individuals may utilize protective measures to avoid contracting a disease. Sick individuals may utilize preemptive measures to avoid spreading a disease. Yet, in practice both protective and preemptive changes in behavior come with costs. This paper proposes a stochastic network disease game model that captures the self-interests of individuals during the spread of a susceptible-infected-susceptible disease. In this model, individuals strategically modify their behavior based on current disease conditions. These reactions influence disease spread. We show that there is a critical level of concern, i.e., empathy, by the sick individuals above which disease is eradicated rapidly. Furthermore, we find that risk averse behavior by the healthy individuals cannot eradicate the disease without the preemptive measures of the sick individuals. Empathy is more effective than risk-aversion because when infectious individuals change behavior, they reduce all of their potential infections, whereas when healthy individuals change behavior, they reduce only a small portion of potential infections. This imbalance in the role played by the response of the infected versus the susceptible individuals on disease eradication affords critical policy insights. Infectious diseases change social interaction patterns. During the Ebola outbreak, many studies pointed to changes in social customs playing a critical role in impeding disease spread, e.g., a switch to safe burial methods from traditional ceremonial burials . Similar behavioral responses played important roles in modifying disease spread in other pandemics, e.g., wearing protective masks during the SARS pandemic 2-4 , decrease in unprotected sex when STD is at high levels 5,6 or covering one's own cough and staying at home if sick during a flu pandemic 7-9 . These responses to disease prevalence can, in turn, preempt disease spread by the infected to the susceptible individuals in the population. In many infectious diseases infected and susceptible individuals have to be in close proximity for disease transmission. Accordingly, there has been a surge in interest on disease spread models in which a contact network determines the subset of individuals that can be infected by an infected individual 10-15 . These studies continue to be influential in relating network structural properties to outbreak thresholds and in revealing the limits to inferences made by models that assume homogeneous mixing. Beyond network structure, the rate at which individuals meet with their contacts depends on the individual preemptive measures taken during the course of a disease . Consequently, a number of dynamic models have been developed to assess the effects individual preemptive measures have on infectious disease spread over networks [17] [18] [19] [20] . These models couple behavior and disease dynamics. That is, the state of the disease and the contact network determine the preemptive measures of the individuals which then affect the disease spread. Preemptive measures in these models, which are in the form of social distancing or rewiring of transmissive links, are assumed to be results of simple heuristics that approximate the decision-making of healthy individuals.	-14.854483604431152	-15.22780704498291	5
Diseases in introduced broilers can possibly spill over to wild birds on the Galapagos.	0.8643949031829834	-14.329195022583008	2
Dissecting genetic and sex-specific host heterogeneity in pathogen transmission potential 4. Heterogeneity in disease transmission is widespread and, when not accounted for, can produce unpredictable outbreaks of infectious disease. Despite this, precisely how different sources of variation in host traits drive heterogeneity in disease transmission is poorly understood. Here we dissected the sources of variation in pathogen transmission using Drosophila melanogaster and Drosophila C Virus as a host-pathogen model system. We found that infected lifespan, viral growth, virus shedding, and viral load at death were all significantly influenced by fly genetic background, sex and female mating status. To understand how variation in each of these traits may generate heterogeneity in disease transmission, we estimated individual transmission potential by integrating data on virus shedding and lifespan alongside previously collected data on social aggregation. We found that ~15% of between-individual heterogeneity in disease transmission was explained by a significant interaction between genetic and sex-specific variation. We also characterised the amount of variation in viral load, virus shedding, and lifespan following infection that could be explained by genetic background and sex. Amongst the determinants of individual variation in disease transmission these sources of host variation play roles of varying importance, with genetic background generally playing the largest role. Our results highlight the importance of characterising sources of variation in multiple host traits when studying disease transmission at the individual-level.	-13.560263633728027	-9.280097961425781	5
Distinguishing Molecular Features and Clinical Characteristics of a Putative New Rhinovirus Species, Human Rhinovirus C (HRV C). Background: Human rhinoviruses (HRVs) are the most frequently detected pathogens in acute respiratory tract infections (ARTIs) and yet little is known about the prevalence, recurrence, structure and clinical impact of individual members. During 2007, the complete coding sequences of six previously unknown and highly divergent HRV strains were reported. To catalogue the molecular and clinical features distinguishing the divergent HRV strains, we undertook, for the first time, in silico analyses of all available polyprotein sequences and performed retrospective reviews of the medical records of cases in which variants of the prototype strain, HRV-QPM, had been detected. Methodology/Principle Findings: Genomic analyses revealed that the six divergent strains, residing within a clade we previously called HRV A2, had the shortest polyprotein of all picornaviruses investigated. Structure-based amino acid alignments identified conserved motifs shared among members of the genus Rhinovirus as well as substantive deletions and insertions unique to the divergent strains. Deletions mostly affected regions encoding proteins traditionally involved in antigenicity and serving as HRV and HEV receptor footprints. Because the HRV A2 strains cannot yet be cultured, we created homology models of predicted HRV-QPM structural proteins. In silico comparisons confirmed that HRV-QPM was most closely related to the major group HRVs. HRV-QPM was most frequently detected in infants with expiratory wheezing or persistent cough who had been admitted to hospital and required supplemental oxygen. It was the only virus detected in 65% of positive individuals. These observations contributed to an objective clinical impact ranging from mild to severe. The divergent strains did not meet classification requirements for any existing species of the genus Rhinovirus or Enterovirus. HRV A2 strains should be partitioned into at least one new species, putatively called Human rhinovirus C, populated by members detected with high frequency, from individuals with respiratory symptoms requiring hospital admission.	13.37844181060791	2.018899440765381	10
Distribution of the 2019-nCoV Epidemic and Correlation with Population Emigration from Wuhan, China. The ongoing new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia outbreak is spreading in China and has not reached its peak. Five millions of people had emigrated from Wuhan before the city lockdown, which potentially represent a source of virus spreaders. Case distribution and its correlation with population emigration from Wuhan in early epidemic are of great importance for early warning and prevention of future outbreak. The officially reported cases of 2019-nCoV pneumonia were collected as of January 30, 2020. Time and location information of these cases were extracted analyzed with ArcGIS and WinBUGS. Population migration data of Wuhan City and Hubei province were extracted from Baidu Qianxi and analyzed for their correlation with case number. The 2019-nCoV pneumonia cases were predominantly distributed in Hubei and other provinces of South China. Hot spot provinces included Sichuan and Yunnan provinces that are adjacent to Hubei. While Wuhan city has the highest number of cases, the time risk is relatively stable. Numbers of cases in some cities are relatively low, but the time risks are continuously rising. The case numbers of different provinces and cities of Hubei province were highly correlated with the emigrated populations from Wuhan. Lockdown of cities of Hubei province, and implementation of nationwide control measures efficiently prevented the exponential growth of case number. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-0.7357261776924133	-29.021263122558594	3
Does Viral Co-Infection Influence the Severity of Acute Respiratory Infection in Children?. Multiple viruses are often detected in children with respiratory infection but the significance of co-infection in pathogenesis, severity and outcome is unclear.	18.914203643798828	-9.282712936401367	7
Domestication reprogrammed the budding yeast life cycle. We report that domestication of the model yeast S. cerevisiae reprogrammed its life cycle entirely. We tracked growth, gamete formation and cell survival across many environments for nearly genome sequenced isolates and found a remarkable dichotomy between domesticated and wild yeasts. Wild yeasts near uniformly trigger meiosis and sporulate when encountering nutrient depletions, whereas domestication relaxed selection on sexual reproduction and favoured survival as quiescent cells. Domestication also systematically enhanced fermentative over respiratory traits while decreasing stress tolerance. We show that this yeast domestication syndrome was driven by aneuploidies and gene function losses that emerged independently in multiple domesticated lineages during the specie's recent evolutionary history. We found domestication to be the most dramatic event in budding yeast evolution, raising questions on how much domestication has distorted our understanding of this key model species.	-17.273128509521484	18.279796600341797	8
Dominant role of splenic marginal zone lipid rafts in the classical complement pathway against S. pneumoniae. Lipid rafts (LRs) play crucial roles in complex physiological processes, modulating innate and acquired immune responses to pathogens. The transmembrane C-type lectins human dendritic cell-specific intercellular adhesion molecule-3-grabbing nonintegrin (DC-SIGN) and its mouse homolog SIGN-R1 are distributed in LRs and expressed on splenic marginal zone (MZ) macrophages. The DC-SIGN-C1q or SIGN-R1-C1q complex could mediate the immunoglobulin (Ig)-independent classical complement pathway against Streptococcus pneumoniae. Precise roles of LRs during this complement pathway are unknown. Here we show that LRs are indispensable for accelerating the DC-SIGN-or SIGN-R1-mediated classical complement pathway against S. pneumoniae, thus facilitating rapid clearance of the pathogen. The trimolecular complex of SIGN-R1-C1q-C4 was exclusively enriched in LRs of splenic MZ macrophages and their localization was essential for activating C3 catabolism and enhancing pneumococcal clearance, which were abolished in SIGN-R1-knockout mice. However, DC-SIGN replacement on splenic MZ macrophage's LRs of SIGN-R1-depleted mice reversed these defects. Disruption of LRs dramatically reduced pneumococcal uptake and decomposition. Additionally, DC-SIGN, C1q, C4, and C3 were obviously distributed in splenic LRs of cadavers. Therefore, LRs on splenic SIGN-R1 + or DC-SIGN + macrophages could provide spatially confined and optimal bidirectional platforms, not only for usual intracellular events, for example recognition and phagocytosis of pathogens, but also an unusual extracellular event such as the complement system. These findings improve our understanding of the orchestrated roles of the spleen, unraveling a new innate immune system initiated from splenic MZ LRs, and yielding answers to several long-standing problems, including the need to understand the profound role of LRs in innate immunity, the need to identify how such a small portion of splenic SIGN-R1 + macrophages (<0.05% of splenic macrophages) effectively resist S. pneumoniae, and the need to understand how LRs can promote the protective function of DC-SIGN against S. pneumoniae in the human spleen.	6.5215582847595215	39.71577072143555	0
During its first month, the recently emerged Wuhan novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has already infected many thousands of people in mainland China and worldwide and took hundreds of lives. However, the swiftly spreading virus also caused an unprecedentedly rapid response from the research community facing the unknown health challenge of potentially enormous proportions. Unfortunately, the experimental research to understand the molecular mechanisms behind the viral infection and to design a vaccine or antivirals is costly and takes months to develop. To expedite the advancement of our knowledge we leverage the data about the related coronaviruses that is readily available in public databases, and integrate these data into a single computational pipeline. As a result, we provide a comprehensive structural genomics and interactomics road-maps of 2019-nCoV and use these information to infer the possible functional differences and similarities with the related SARS coronavirus. All data are made publicly available to the research community at .	-5.998958110809326	2.057624340057373	6
Dysregulation of Long Non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Genes and Predicted lncRNA-protein Interactions during Zika Virus Infection. Zika Virus (ZIKV) is a causative agent for poor pregnancy outcome and fetal developmental abnormalities, including microcephaly and eye defects. As a result, ZIKV is now a confirmed teratogen. Understanding host-pathogen interactions, specifically cellular perturbations caused by ZIKV, can provide novel therapeutic targets. In order to complete viral replication, viral pathogens control the host cellular machineries and regulate various factors, including long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) genes, at transcriptional levels. The role of lncRNA genes in the pathogenesis of ZIKV-mediated microcephaly and eye defects is currently unknown. To gain additional insights, we focused on profiling the differentially expressed lncRNA genes during ZIKV infection in mammalian cells. For this study, we employed a contemporary clinical Zika viral isolate, PRVABC59, of Asian genotype. We utilized an unbiased RNA sequencing approach to profile the lncRNA transcriptome in ZIKV infected Vero cells. We identified a total of lncRNA genes that are differentially regulated at hours post-infection. The majority of these genes are independently validated by reverse-transcription qPCR. A notable observation was that the lncRNAs, MALAT1 (Metastasis Associated Lung Adenocarcinoma Transcript 1) and NEAT1 (Nuclear Paraspeckle Assembly Transcript 1), are down-regulated upon Zika viral infection. MALAT1 and NEAT1 are known as nuclear localized RNAs that regulate gene expression and cell proliferation. Protein-lncRNA interaction maps revealed that MALAT1 and NEAT1 share common interacting partners and form a larger network comprising of cellular factors. ZIKV-mediated dysregulation of these two regulatory lncRNAs can alter the expression of respective target genes and associated biological functions, an important one being cell division. In conclusion, this investigation is the first to provide insight into the biological connection of lncRNAs and ZIKV which can be further explored for developing antiviral therapy and understanding fetal developmental processes.	11.24303913116455	30.091236114501953	0
EPS8 facilitates uncoating of influenza A virus. All viruses balance interactions between cellular machinery co-opted to support replication and host factors deployed to halt the infection. We used gene correlation analysis to perform an unbiased screen for host factors involved in influenza A virus (FLUAV) infection. Our screen identified the cellular factor epidermal growth factor receptor pathway substrate (EPS8) as the highest confidence pro-viral candidate. Knockout and overexpression of EPS8 confirmed its importance in enhancing FLUAV infection and titers. Loss of EPS8 did not affect virion attachment, uptake, or fusion. Rather, our data show that EPS8 specifically functions during virion uncoating. EPS8 physically associated with incoming virion components, and subsequent nuclear import of released ribonucleoprotein complexes was significantly delayed in the absence of EPS8. Our study identified EPS8 as a host factor important for uncoating, a crucial step of FLUAV infection during which the interface between the virus and host is still being discovered.	0.5704382658004761	28.488576889038086	12
Early Prediction of Disease Progression in Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia Patients Outside Wuhan with CT and Clinical Characteristics. Conclusion: CT severity score was associated with inflammatory levels and higher NLR and CT severity score on admission were independent risk factors for short-term progression in patients with NCP outside Wuhan. Furthermore, early admission and surveillance by CT should be recommended to improve clinical outcomes.	12.833176612854004	-20.710330963134766	7
Early dynamics of transmission and control of COVID-19: a mathematical modelling study. Background: An outbreak of the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 has led to 46,997 confirmed cases as of th February 2020. Understanding the early transmission dynamics of the infection and evaluating the effectiveness of control measures is crucial for assessing the potential for sustained transmission to occur in new areas. We combined a stochastic transmission model with data on cases of novel coronavirus disease in Wuhan and international cases that originated in Wuhan to estimate how transmission had varied over time during January and February 2020. Based on these estimates, we then calculated the probability that newly introduced cases might generate outbreaks in other areas. We estimated that the median daily reproduction number, R t , declined from 2.35 (95% CI: 1.15-4.77) one week before travel restrictions were introduced on rd January to 1.05 (95% CI: 0.413-2.39) one week after. Based on our estimates of R t ,we calculated that in locations with similar transmission potential as Wuhan in early January, once there are at least four independently introduced cases, there is a more than 50% chance the infection will establish within that population.	-8.928208351135254	-33.61888885498047	2
Early epidemiological analysis of the 2019-nCoV outbreak based on a crowdsourced data. As the outbreak of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) progresses within China and beyond, there is a need for rapidly available epidemiological data to guide situational awareness and intervention strategies. Here we present an effort to compile epidemiological information on 2019-nCoV from media news reports and a physician community website (dxy.cn)	-1.2962310314178467	-25.56229591369629	3
Early, low-dose and short-term application of corticosteroid treatment in patients with severe COVID-19 pneumonia: single-center experience from Wuhan, China. Background: Severe patients with novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia progressed rapidly to acute respiratory failure. We aimed to evaluate the definite efficacy and safety of corticosteroid in the treatment of severe COVID-19 pneumonia. Methods: Forty-six hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19 pneumonia hospitalized at Wuhan Union Hospital from January to February 25, 2020, were retrospectively reviewed. The patients were divided into two groups based on whether they received corticosteroid treatment. The clinical symptoms and chest computed tomography(CT) results were compared. : A total of patients received intravenous administration of methylprednisolone with a dosage of 1-2mg/kg/d for 5-7 days, while the remaining patients not. There was no significant difference in age, sex, comorbidities, clinical or laboratory parameters between the two groups on admission. The average number of days for body temperature back to the normal range was significantly shorter in patients with administration of methylprednisolone when compared to those without administration of methylprednisolone (2.06±0.28 vs. 5.29±0.70, P=0.010). The patients with administration of methylprednisolone had a faster improvement of SpO2, while patients without administration of methylprednisolone had a significantly longer interval of using supplemental oxygen therapy (8.2days[IQR 7.0-10.3] vs. 13.5days(IQR 10.3-16); P<0.001). In terms of chest CT, the absorption degree of the focus was significantly better in patients with administration of methylprednisolone. Our data indicate that in patients with severe COVID-19 pneumonia, early, lowdose and short-term application of corticosteroid was associated with a faster improvement of clinical symptoms and absorption of lung focus. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	22.514448165893555	-19.991437911987305	9
Ebola virus disease in the Democratic. The Democratic Republic of the Congo has experienced the most outbreaks of Ebola virus disease since the virus' discovery in 1976. This article provides for the first time a description and a line list for all outbreaks in this country, comprising cases. Compared to patients over years old, the odds of dying were significantly lower in patients aged to and higher in children under five (with 100% mortality in those under years old). The odds of dying increased by 11% per day that a patient was not hospitalised. Outbreaks with an initially high reproduction number, R (>3), were rapidly brought under control, whilst outbreaks with a lower initial R caused longer and generally larger outbreaks. These findings can inform the choice of target age groups for interventions and highlight the importance of both reducing the delay between symptom onset and hospitalisation and rapid national and international response.	-15.32121753692627	-32.21816635131836	2
Ecological and evolutionary drivers of hemoplasma infection and bacterial genotype sharing in a Neotropical bat community 3. Most emerging pathogens can infect multiple species, underscoring the importance of understanding the ecological and evolutionary factors that allow some hosts to harbor greater infection prevalence and share pathogens with other species. However, our understanding of pathogen jumps is primarily based around viruses, despite bacteria accounting for the greatest proportion of zoonoses. Because bacterial pathogens in bats (Order: Chiroptera) can have conservation and human health consequences, studies that examine the ecological and evolutionary drivers of bacterial prevalence and barriers to pathogen sharing are crucially needed. We here studied hemotropic Mycoplasma spp. (i.e., hemoplasmas) across a species-rich bat community in Belize over two years. Across bats spanning species, half of individuals and two-thirds of species were hemoplasma positive. Infection prevalence was higher for males and for species with larger body mass and colony sizes. Hemoplasmas displayed high genetic diversity (21 novel genotypes) and strong host specificity. Evolutionary patterns supported co-44 divergence of bats and bacterial genotypes alongside phylogenetically constrained host shifts. Bat species centrality to the network of shared hemoplasma genotypes was phylogenetically clustered and unrelated to prevalence, further suggesting rare-but detectable-bacterial sharing between species. Our study highlights the importance of using fine phylogenetic scales when assessing host specificity and suggests phylogenetic similarity may play a key role in host shifts for not only viruses but also bacteria. Such work more broadly contributes to increasing efforts to understand cross-species transmission and epidemiological consequences of bacterial pathogens.	-3.4735913276672363	5.003524303436279	5
Effective containment explains sub-exponential growth in confirmed cases of recent COVID-19 outbreak in Mainland China. The recent outbreak of COVID-19 in Mainland China is characterized by a distinctive algebraic, subexponential increase of confirmed cases with time during the early phase of the epidemic, contrasting an initial exponential growth expected for an unconstrained outbreak with sufficiently large reproduction rate. Although case counts vary significantly between affected provinces in Mainland China, the scaling law t µ is surprisingly universal, with a range of exponents µ = 2.1 ± 0.3. The universality of this behavior indicates that, in spite of social, regional, demographical, geographical, and socio-economical heterogeneities of affected Chinese provinces, this outbreak is dominated by fundamental mechanisms that are not captured by standard epidemiological models. We show that the observed scaling law is a direct consequence of containment policies that effectively deplete the susceptible population. To this end we introduce a parsimonious model that captures both, quarantine of symptomatic infected individuals as well as population wide isolation in response to mitigation policies or behavioral changes. For a wide range of parameters, the model reproduces the observed scaling law in confirmed cases and explains the observed exponents. Quantitative fits to empirical data permit the identification of peak times in the number of asymptomatic or oligo-symptomatic, unidentified infected individuals, as well as estimates of local variations in the basic reproduction number. The model implies that the observed scaling law in confirmed cases is a direct signature of effective contaiment strategies and/or systematic behavioral changes that affect a substantial fraction of the susceptible population. These insights may aid the implementation of containment strategies in potential export induced COVID-19 secondary outbreaks elsewhere or similar future outbreaks of other emergent infectious diseases.	-14.973664283752441	-17.541255950927734	5
Effectiveness of airport screening at detecting travellers infected with 2019-nCoV. Note: this report is a pre-print and has not yet been peer-reviewed. As the number of novel coronavirus cases grows both inside and outside of China, public health authorities require evidence on the effectiveness of control measures such as thermal screening of arrivals at airports. We evaluated the effectiveness of exit and entry screening for 2019-nCoV infection. In our baseline scenario, we estimated that 46.5% (95%CI: 35.9 to 57.7) of infected travellers would not be detected, depending on the incubation period, sensitivity of exit and entry screening, and the proportion of cases which are asymptomatic. Airport screening is unlikely to detect a sufficient proportion of 2019-nCoV infected travellers to avoid entry of infected travellers. We developed an online tool so that results can be updated as new information becomes available. As of Jan 2019, 5,997 confirmed and 9,239 suspected cases of 2019-nCoV have been reported from China with deaths confirmed so far . There were cases in at least other countries, identified due to symptoms plus recent travel history to Hubei province, China, which strongly suggests that the reported cases constitute only a small fraction of the actual number of infected individuals in China . While the most affected region, Hubei province, has now ceased air travel and closed major public transport routes it is unlikely that these measures will fully contain the outbreak. Despite limited evidence for its effectiveness 4,5 , airport screening is frequently implemented to limit the probability of infected cases entering other regions or countries. Here we use the available evidence to evaluate the effectiveness of exit and entry screening for detecting travellers with 2019-nCoV. We also provide an online app so that results can be updated as new information becomes available. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-19.38962745666504	-27.96039581298828	2
Effectiveness of isolation and contact tracing for containment and slowing down a COVID-19 epidemic: a modelling study. Background: Novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is extending its range of transmission in all parts of the world, with substantial variation in rates of transmission and severity of associated disease. We evaluated whether and under which conditions it is possible to control and slow down a COVID-19 epidemic in the early stages by isolation and contact tracing. We used a stochastic transmission model in which every person generates novel infections according to a probability distribution that is affected by the incubation period distribution (time from infection to symptoms), distribution of the latent period (time from infection to a person becoming infectious), and overall transmissibility. The model distinguishes between close contacts (e.g., within a household) and other contacts in the population. The analyses showed that transmissibility and the duration of the latent period relative to the duration of incubation period have strong impact on the controllability of the disease. Delays in diagnosis of cases and proportion of asymptomatic cases are key factors for containment and slowing down the epidemic. Interpretation: Isolation and contact tracing can be an effective means to control early epidemics, but only if transmissibility as measured by R0 is in the lower ranges of reported values. Timeliness as well as completeness of tracing and diagnosis of cases are paramount to achieve containment and effective slowing down of the epidemic growth rate.	-16.30072593688965	-21.548843383789062	2
Effects of Chinese strategies for controlling the diffusion and deterioration of novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia in China. Background: In December 2019, an outbreak of new type of coronavirus named COVID-19 occurred in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. In a very short time, this virus spread rapidly over China, greatly threatening public health and economic development. The Chinese government acted quickly and implemented a series of strategies to prevent diffusion of this disease. We therefore sought to evaluate the effects of these Chinese strategies for controlling the spread of COVID-19. Commission websites of China, we performed model fitting and calculated the growth speed of cumulative confirmed patients. We further analyzed the time when this growth speed, the rate of the number of new cases, reached its maximum (Speedmax). Comparing different times to Speedmax of different areas in China, we calculated the dates at which the growth speed began to decline in different areas. Also, The number of plateaus were analyzed. : The quartic model showed the best fit. For almost all areas in mainland China, the speed of infections reached Speedmax and began to decline within days; exceptions were Hebei, Heilongjiang, Hainan, Guizhou, and Hubei. The number of plateaus was significantly correlated with the emigration index. However, the distance from other areas to Hubei and the number of plateaus had little influence on when a province or area arrived at Speedmax. Once strict intervention strategies were implemented, diffusion and deterioration of COVID-19 were inhibited quickly and effectively over China. Conclusion: Our study suggests that Chinese strategies are highly effective on controlling the diffusion and deterioration of the novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia. These strategies supply experience and guidelines for other countries to control the COVID-19 epidemic. : medRxiv preprint the diffusion and deterioration of COVID-19 were inhibited quickly and effectively over China. With the exception of Wuhan, even Hubei, where the cumulative confirmed patients reached 17,680 on February 23, 2020, the speed of growth still reached Speedmax and began to decline in 14-15 days.	-1.088167428970337	-28.167680740356445	3
Effects of a blend of essential oils in milk replacer on performance, rumen fermentation, blood parameters and health scores of dairy heifers Abstract The objective of this study was to evaluate how the inclusion of a blend of essential oils in milk replacer (MR) affects different outcomes of dairy heifers. The outcomes evaluated: feed intake, performance, body development, blood cells and metabolites, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), rumen fermentation, fecal scores and respiratory . CC-BY 4.0 : bioRxiv preprint scores. All outcomes were evaluated during pre-weaning (4 -60 d of age), and carryover effects on post-weaning (61 -90 d of age) periods. The experimental units utilized were newborn Holstein × Gyr crossbred dairy heifers, with genetic composition of 5/8 or more Holstein and 3/8 or less Gyr and body weight (BW) at birth of 32.2 ± 5.2 kg. Experimental units were randomly assigned to either a control group (CON, n = 15) or a treatment group, consisting of supplementation of a blend of essential oils (BEO, n = 14) with1 g/d/calf (Apex Calf, Adisseo, China). During the pre-34 weaning phase, all heifers were fed L of MR/d reconstituted at 15% (dry matter basis), divided into two equal meals. Water and starter were provided ad libitum. During the post-weaning, animals received a maximum kg of starter/d, and ad libitum corn silage, divided into two meals. The outcomes feed intake, fecal and respiratory scores were evaluated daily. BW was measured every three days, while body development was recorded weekly. Blood samples were collected on 0, and d of age for total blood cell count, weekly to determinate ß-hydroxybutyrate, urea and glucose, and biweekly for IGF-1. Ruminal parameters (pH, volatile fatty acids, ammonia-N and acetate:proprionate proportion -C2:C3) were measured each days. A randomized complete block design with an interaction between treatment and week was the experimental method of choice to test the hypothesis of effect of BEO on all outcomes. An ANOVA procedure was used for continuous outcomes and a non-parametric test was used for the ordered categorical outcomes both adopting a C.I. = 95%. Results indicated that there was not enough evidence to accept the alternative hypothesis of effect of BEO in MR on: feed intake, performance, body development and blood metabolites during both pre-weaning and post-weaning periods. However, results indicated that the inclusion of BEO in MR significantly affects the proportion of C2:C3 during pre and post-weaning (P ≤ 0.05). Similarly, the effect is significant for basophil (P ≤ 0.001) and platelet (P ≤ 0.05) counts in pre-weaning. The interaction between week . CC-BY 4.0 : bioRxiv preprint and treatment was also significant for lymphocytes (P ≤ 0.001), revealing a long-term treatment immunological effect. Lastly, the effect on fecal scores was also significant (P ≤ 0.05) during pre-weaning, with lower values for BEO. BEO contributed for ruminal manipulation on pre-weaning and carry over effect on post-weaning; immunity improvement and a decrease morbidity of neonatal diarrhea in pre-weaning phase. Introduction A good calf-rearing program should embrace aspects that go from body development, stress reduction, good feed and housing management to optimum health status. Average daily gain (ADG) and body weight (BW) at weaning are important metrics used to measure the success of the rearing program. It is well known that these parameters are related to the heifer's future milk production, as well as to its immune responses. Therefore, a bad life start can impact negatively on animal's adult performance (1). Neonatal diseases, especially diarrhea, and nutritional mistakes can act as stressors, lowering calf immunity, and increasing animal susceptibility to other disorders (2). The changes in intestinal and ruminal microbiota, caused by disease or malnutrition, can influence animal health, mortality rates and performance (3). Therefore, tools that help improving heifer development and health are essential to reduce disease, mortality and morbidity as well as accelerate the calf development. Additionally, since a calf is born functionally non-ruminant, it must have its digestive system and other organs and tissues changed in several weeks as well to adapt to the colonization of specific microbiota. The bacteria in the rumen must start the fermentation of carbohydrates, so the calf can become dependent mostly on volatile fatty acids (VFA) and not on lactose-driven metabolism anymore (4). : bioRxiv preprint Since diseases have a negative impact on the heifer's future performance, procedures that reduce the animal's susceptibility to pathogens and stressors may improve future performance and productivity. Thus feed additives, such as growth promoter antibiotics, have been used to improve both rumen development and animal health (5), as well as increase performance and feed efficiency (6). However, the use of antibiotics in animal production for this purpose has been under severe criticism. Due to the increase of bacterial resistance and impact over human health it has been banned in several countries. Furthermore, the increase of organic dairy farms in the past years revealed a change in milk consumers' preference with increased demand for "natural" and healthier foods. An alternative to the use of these additives is the utilization of herbal products, such as natural additives, for ruminant production (7). Essential oils are herbal plant chemical components, constituted by volatile or ethereal oils that have been applied as a natural and safe alternative for antibiotics (8). Some of their properties are antiseptic and antimicrobial activities, that interfere on bacterial, fungal and protozoa cell functioning (9), presenting the similar efficiency to treat some diseases as antibiotics (10). They also contribute for prevention of oxidative stress (11), and help immune response to change leucocyte phagocytic activity and inhibiting complement system (12). Lastly, essential oils have a function similar to ionophores, influencing the gastrointestinal tract development, rumen microbiological activity, improving feed efficiency and decreasing neonatal diseases (9,13). Previous studies have shown that essential oil supplementation in calf solid starter improves performance (14,15), rumen fermentation (16) and diarrhea severity (17). However, the effects over liquid diet supplementation are scarce. The aim of this study was to evaluate how adding a commercial blend of essential oils (BEO) in milk replacer (MR) affects feed intake, performance, feed efficiency, body development, blood cells and metabolites, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), ruminal parameters, fecal and . CC-BY 4.0	-20.82003402709961	8.837646484375	11
Effects of temperature variation and humidity on the mortality of COVID-19 in Wuhan. Object Meteorological parameters are the important factors influencing the infectious diseases like severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). in Wuhan, China. Then, the generalized additive model was applied to explore the impact of temperature, humidity and diurnal temperature range on daily mortality of COVID-19. There were in total COVID-19 mortality counts in Wuhan. A positive association with COVID-19 mortality was observed for diurnal temperature range (r = 0.44), but negative association for relative humidity (r = −0.32). In addition, each unit increase in diurnal temperature range was only associated with a 2.92% (95% CI: 0.61%, 5.28%) increase in COVID-19 mortality at lag 3. However, both per unit increase of temperature and absolute humidity were related to the decreased COVID-19 mortality at lag and lag 5, respectively. In summary, this study suggests the temperature variation and humidity may be important factors affecting the COVID-19 mortality.	-10.295709609985352	-23.183338165283203	3
Efficacy of Oseltamivir-Zanamivir Combination Compared to Each Monotherapy for Seasonal Influenza: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial. Background: Neuraminidase inhibitors are thought to be efficacious in reducing the time to alleviation of symptoms in outpatients with seasonal influenza. The objective of this study was to compare the short-term virological efficacy of oseltamivir-zanamivir combination versus each monotherapy plus placebo. We conducted a randomized placebo-controlled trial with general practitioners throughout France during the 2008-2009 seasonal influenza epidemic. Patients, general practitioners, and outcome assessors were all blinded to treatment assignment. Adult outpatients presenting influenza-like illness for less than hours and a positive influenza A rapid test diagnosis were randomized to oseltamivir mg orally twice daily plus zanamivir mg by inhalation twice daily (OZ), oseltamivir plus inhaled placebo (O), or zanamivir plus oral placebo (Z). Treatment efficacy was assessed virologically according to the proportion of patients with nasal influenza reverse transcription (RT)-PCR below copies genome equivalent (cgeq)/ml at day (primary outcome), and clinically to the time to alleviation of symptoms until day 14. Overall patients (of the planned) were included (OZ, n = 192; O, n = 176; Z, n = 173), 49% male, mean age years. In the intention-to-treat analysis conducted in the patients with RT-PCR-confirmed influenza A, 46%, 59%, and 34% in OZ (n = 157), O (n = 141), and Z (n = 149) arms had RT-PCR,200 cgeq/ml (213.0%, 95% confidence interval [CI] 223.1 to 22.9, p = 0.025; +12.3%, 95% CI 2.39-22.2, p = 0.028 for OZ/O and OZ/Z comparisons). Mean day to day viral load decrease was 2.14, 2.49, and 1.68 log cgeq/ml (p = 0.060, p = 0.016 for OZ/O and OZ/Z). Median time to alleviation of symptoms was 4.0, 3.0, and 4.0 days (+1.0, 95% CI 0.0-4.0, p = 0.018; +0.0, 95% CI 23.0 to 3.0, p = 0.960 for OZ/O and OZ/Z). Four severe adverse events were observed. Nausea and/or vomiting tended to be more frequent in the combination arm (OZ, n = 13; O, n = 4; and Z, n = patients, respectively). Conclusions: In adults with seasonal influenza A mainly H3N2 virus infection, the oseltamivir-zanamivir combination appeared less effective than oseltamivir monotherapy, and not significantly more effective than zanamivir monotherapy. Despite the theoretical potential for the reduction of the emergence of antiviral resistance, the lower effectiveness of this combination calls for caution in its use in clinical practice.	18.73047637939453	-26.44904899597168	9
Electroporated recombinant proteins as tools for in vivo functional. Delivery of native or chemically modified recombinant proteins into mammalian cells shows promise for functional investigations and various technological applications, but concerns that sub-cellular localization and functional integrity of delivered proteins may be affected remain high. Here, we surveyed batch electroporation as a delivery tool for single polypeptides and multi-subunit protein assemblies of kinetochores, a spatially confined and well-studied subcellular structures. After electroporation in human cells, recombinant fluorescent Ndc80 and Mis12 multi-subunit complexes displayed native localization, physically interacted with endogenous binding partners, and functionally complemented depleted endogenous counterparts to promote mitotic checkpoint signaling and chromosome segregation. Farnesylation is required for kinetochore localization of the Dynein adaptor Spindly. In cells with chronically inhibited farnesyl transferase activity, in vitro farnesylation and electroporation reconstituted robust kinetochore localization of Spindly. Thus, electroporation is uniquely versatile for delivering synthetic and, as required, chemically modified functional mimics of endogenous proteins, and is therefore a promising tool for chemical and synthetic biology.	-4.170062065124512	29.138092041015625	8
Emergence of infectious malignant thrombocytopenia in Japanese macaques (Macaca fuscata) by SRV-4 after transmission to a novel host. We discovered a lethal hemorrhagic syndrome arising from severe thrombocytopenia in Japanese macaques kept at the Primate Research Institute, Kyoto University. Extensive investigation identified that simian retrovirus type (SRV-4) was the causative agent of the disease. SRV-4 had previously been isolated only from cynomolgus macaques in which it is usually asymptomatic. We consider that the SRV-4 crossed the so-called species barrier between cynomolgus and Japanese macaques, leading to extremely severe acute symptoms in the latter. Infectious agents that cross the species barrier occasionally amplify in virulence, which is not observed in the original hosts. In such cases, the new hosts are usually distantly related to the original hosts. However, Japanese macaques are closely related to cynomolgus macaques, and can even hybridize when given the opportunity. This lethal outbreak of a novel pathogen in Japanese macaques highlights the need to modify our expectations about virulence with regards crossing species barriers.	24.23621368408203	13.903359413146973	10
Emodin Inhibits EBV Reactivation and Represses NPC Tumorigenesis. Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a unique malignancy derived from the epithelium of the nasopharynx. Despite great advances in the development of radiotherapy and chemotherapy, relapse and metastasis in NPC patients remain major causes of mortality. Evidence accumulated over recent years indicates that Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) lytic replication plays an important role in the pathogenesis of NPC and inhibition of EBV reactivation is now being considered as a goal for the therapy of EBV-associated cancers. With this in mind, a panel of dietary compounds was screened and emodin was found to have potential anti-EBV activity. Through Western blotting, immunofluorescence, and flow cytometric analysis, we show that emodin inhibits the expression of EBV lytic proteins and blocks virion production in EBV-positive epithelial cell lines. In investigating the underlying mechanism, reporter assays indicated that emodin represses Zta promoter (Zp) and Rta promoter (Rp) activities, triggered by various inducers. Mapping of the Zp construct reveals that the SP1 binding region is important for emodin-triggered repression and emodin is shown to be able to inhibit SP1 expression, suggesting that it likely inhibits EBV reactivation by suppression of SP1 expression. Moreover, we also show that emodin inhibits the tumorigenic properties induced by repeated EBV reactivation, including micronucleus formation, cell proliferation, migration, and matrigel invasiveness. Emodin administration also represses the tumor growth in mice which is induced by EBV activation. Taken together, our results provide a potential chemopreventive agent in restricting EBV reactivation and NPC recurrence. Genetic, environmental, and viral factors have been incriminated in the etiology of NPC and Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) is strongly associated with the occurrence of NPC. EBV is a member of the gamma herpesviruses, with a kb double-stranded DNA genome. The life cycle of EBV includes latency and lytic replication. Eleven gene products, EBNAs 1~6, LMPs 1, 2A, and 2B, and small RNAs EBER and 2, are expressed during latent infection [6] . Upon induction by chemicals or stress, EBV is activated and enters the lytic cycle, known as reactivation. Three subsets of lytic genes, immediate-early, early, and late genes, are expressed sequentially and, subsequently, viral particles are packaged and released [7, 8] . Through years of study, EBV latent infection has been considered to play an important role in NPC carcinogenesis. In recent years, accumulating evidence has suggested that EBV lytic infection also contributes to the tumorigenesis of NPC. Sero-epidemiological surveys indicate that patients with elevated antibody titers against EBV lytic proteins, such as viral capsid antigen (VCA), DNase, DNA polymerase, and early antigen (EA), have a high risk of NPC [9] [10] [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] . Several EBV lytic products have been detected in the NPC biopsies [16] [17] [18] . In addition, EBV lytic proteins, including BARF1, BHRF1, BRLF1, BALF3, BGLF4, and DNase, have been shown to have various tumorigenic functions [16, [19] [20] [21] [22] . In our previous study, we found that EBV reactivated by chemicals promotes cellular genome instability and tumor growth [23, 24] . Collectively, these reports suggest that inhibition of EBV reactivation might be useful for NPC prevention and therapy. Accordingly, for safety and convenience, we have screened several dietary compounds for anti-EBV activity. We reported that the flavonoids have activity against EBV reactivation and through the inhibition of EBV, NPC tumorigenesis has been repressed [25] [26] [27] . Here, we report that the phytochemical emodin has the potential ability to inhibit EBV reactivation. Emodin, a common traditional Chinese medicine, is an anthraquinone derivative present in the roots or rhizomes of rhubarb. Emodin has various medical applications, including anti-cancer, anti-oxidation, anti-inflammation or allergy, anti-diabetes, and anti-viral or bacterial activities [28] . For its anti-viral effect, emodin has the ability to inhibit the SARS coronavirus [29] , and block the replication of HBV [30], Coxsackievirus [31], zika virus [32], and influenza A virus [33] . Moreover, emodin has been suggested to inhibit the replication of herpesviruses [34] [35] [36] . However, the detailed mechanism is not well elucidated. In this study, based on our screening, we show that emodin inhibits EBV reactivation in epithelial cells, through the mechanism of repressing SP1 expression to inhibit the Zta and Rta promoter activities. Moreover, through its anti-EBV activity, NPC tumorigenesis could be relieved, suggesting emodin is a potential agent for therapy of EBV-associated cancer. Results Emodin (1,3,8-trihydroxy-6-methyl-anthraquinone, Figure 1a ) has been shown to be cytotoxic to human cell lines. Before investigating the anti-EBV effect of emodin, two EBV-positive NPC cell lines, NA and HA, and their parental cells TW01 and HONE-1, were assessed for susceptibility to the cytotoxicity of emodin. The cells were seeded into 96-well plates h prior to treatment; then, emodin was added for h to determine its cytotoxic effect on the NPC cell lines NA and HA. Emodin has significant toxicity to TW01 cells, while the derivative NA cells showed little resistance to the compound (Figure 1b) . A similar effect was seen on HONE-1 and HA cells (Figure 1b) . Furthermore, to evaluate these results more precisely, half maximum of cytotoxicity concentrations (CC50) were calculated and are shown in the top panels of Figure 1b . The CC50 values of TW01 and the derivative NA cell lines were and µM, while the values for HONE-1 and HA were and µM, respectively (Figure 1b) , implying that the cells harboring EBV seemed to be more resistant to emodin (TW01 vs.	13.805022239685059	34.253082275390625	11
Emotional responses and coping strategies of nurses and nursing college students during COVID-19 outbreak. December 2019, there have been more than 76,000 cases of COVID-19 in China, causing more than 3,000 medical staff infections. Due to COVID-19 spreads quickly, is highly contagious, and can be fatal in severe cases, and there are no specific medicines, it poses a huge threat to the life and health of nurses and has a large impact on their emotional responses and coping strategies. This study conducted an online questionnaire survey from February to 9, to investigate the current state of emotional responses and coping strategies of nurses and college nursing students in Anhui Province. This study used a modified Brief COPE (Carver, 1997) and a emotional responses scale. The results found that women showed more severe anxiety and fear than men. Participants from cities showed more anxiety and fear than participants from rural, but rural participants showed more sadness than urban participants. The closer COVID-19 is to the participants, the stronger the anxiety and anger. Compared with Nursing college students, nurses have stronger emotional responses and are more willing to use Problem-focused coping. People may have a cycle of "the more fear, the more problem-focused coping". And people may "The more angry, the more emotion-focused coping", "the more problem-focused coping, the more anxious, the more angry, the more sadness". author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-17.00629997253418	-42.753196716308594	2
Enabling large-scale genome editing by reducing DNA nicking. To extend the frontier of genome editing and enable the radical redesign of mammalian genomes, we developed a set of dead-Cas9 base editor (dBE) variants that allow editing at tens of thousands of loci per cell by overcoming the cell death associated with DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) and single-strand breaks (SSBs). We used a set of gRNAs targeting repetitive elementsranging in target copy number from about to 124,000 per cell. dBEs enabled survival after large-scale base editing, allowing targeted mutations at up to ~13,200 and ~2610 loci in 293T and human induced pluripotent stem cells (hiPSCs), respectively, three orders of magnitude greater than previously recorded. These dBEs can overcome current on-target mutation and toxicity barriers that prevent cell survival after large-scale genome engineering. One Sentence Summary: Base editing with reduced DNA nicking allows for the simultaneous	-11.551047325134277	13.171257972717285	8
Enhanced replication of mouse adenovirus type following virus-induced degradation of protein kinase R (PKR) Running Title: MAV-1 degrades PKR during infection 7. word count: Importance word count: . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	-4.331365585327148	43.04806137084961	0
Ensemble Feature Selection and Meta-Analysis of Cancer miRNA Biomarkers. The role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in cellular processes captured the attention of many researchers, since their dysregulation is shown to affect the cancer disease landscape by sustaining proliferative signaling, evading program cell death, and inhibiting growth suppressors. Thus, miRNAs have been considered important diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers for several types of tumors. Machine learning algorithms have proven to be able to exploit the information contained in thousands of miRNAs to accurately predict and classify cancer types. Nevertheless, extracting the most relevant miRNA expressions is fundamental to allow human experts to validate and make sense of the results obtained by automatic algorithms. We propose a novel feature selection approach, able to identify the most important miRNAs for tumor classification, based on consensus on feature relevance from high-accuracy classifiers of different typologies. The proposed methodology is tested on a real-world dataset featuring 8,129 patients, different types of tumors, and 1,046 miRNAs per patient, taken from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database. A new miRNA signature is suggested, containing the most important oncogenic miRNAs identified by the presented approach. Such a signature is proved to be sufficient to identify all types of cancer considered in the study, with results nearly identical to those obtained using all 1,046 features in the original dataset. Subsequently, a meta-analysis of the medical literature is performed to find references to the most important biomarkers extracted by the methodology. Besides known oncomarkers, new miRNAs previously not ranked as important biomarkers for diagnosis and prognosis in cancer pathologies are uncovered. Such miRNAs, considered relevant by the machine learning algorithms, but still relatively unexplored by specialized literature, could provide further insights in the biology of cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression. In the last years, the under and over expression of miRNAs has been related to the diagnosis and prognosis of specific cancer types. While machine learning techniques can efficiently exploit the information contained in thousands of miRNAs to detect the	-11.38978385925293	2.3439605236053467	6
Enterovirus D68 Infections Associated with Severe Respiratory Illness in Elderly Patients and Emergence of a Novel Clade in Hong Kong. Despite the recent emergence of enterovirus D68 (EV-D68), its clinical impact on adult population is less well defined. To better define the epidemiology of EV-D68, 6,800 nasopharyngeal aspirates (NPAs) from 2010-2014 were subject to EV-D68 detection by RT-PCR and sequencing of 5′UTR and partial VP1. EV-D68 was detected in (0.44%) NPAs from children and adults/elderlies. Sixteen patients (including five elderly) (53%) had pneumonia and (43%) patients were complicated by small airway disease exacerbation. Phylogenetic analysis of VP1, 2C and 3D regions showed four distinct lineages of EV-D68, clade A1, A2, B1 and B3, with adults/elderlies exclusively infected by clade A2. The potentially new clade, B3, has emerged in 2014, while strains closely related to recently emerged B1 strains in the United States were also detected as early as in Hong Kong. The four lineages possessed distinct aa sequence patterns in BC and DE loops. Amino acid residues and 140, within BC and DE-surface loops of VP1 respectively, were under potential positive selection. EV-D68 infections in Hong Kong usually peak in spring/summer, though with a delayed autumn/winter peak in 2011. This report suggests that EV-D68 may cause severe respiratory illness in adults/elderlies with underlying co-morbidities.	12.761944770812988	2.214376449584961	7
Entry of Scotophilus Bat Coronavirus-512 and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus in Human and Multiple Animal Cells. Bats are natural reservoirs of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome CoV (MERS-CoV). Scotophilus bat CoV-512 demonstrates potential for cross-species transmission because its viral RNA and specific antibodies have been detected in three bat species of Taiwan. Understanding the cell tropism of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 is the first step for studying the mechanism of cross-species transmission. In this study, a lentivirus-based pseudovirus was produced using the spike (S) protein of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 or SARS-CoV as a surface protein to test the interaction between coronaviral S protein and its cell receptor on different cells. Susceptible cells expressed red fluorescence protein (RFP) after the entry of RFP-bound green fluorescence protein (GFP)-fused S protein of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 (RFP-Sco-S-eGFP) or RFP-SARS-S pseudovirus, and firefly luciferase (FLuc) activity expressed by cells infected with FLuc-Sco-S-eGFP or FLuc-SARS-S pseudovirus was quantified. Scotophilus bat CoV-512 pseudovirus had significantly higher entry efficiencies in Madin Darby dog kidney epithelial cells (MDCK), black flying fox brain cells (Pabr), and rat small intestine epithelial cells (IEC-6). SARS-CoV pseudovirus had significantly higher entry efficiencies in human embryonic kidney epithelial cells (HEK-293T), pig kidney epithelial cells (PK15), and MDCK cells. These findings demonstrated that Scotophilus bat CoV-512 had a broad host range for cross-species transmission like SARS-CoV. Bats are the natural reservoirs of SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, and HCoV-NL63. SARS-CoV and HCoV-NL63 gain cellular entry through angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) [9], whereas MERS-CoV utilizes dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP4) as its entry receptor [10] . The entry receptor is considered a hallmark of coronaviral cross-species transmissibility. SARS-related CoV isolated from Rhinolophus bats can use the ACE2 of humans, civets, and Rhinolophus bats as its cell receptor to infect cells originated from human and many other animal species [11] . Both MERS-CoV and bat CoV-HKU4 can use bat and human DPP4 to infect cells originating from humans, camels, bats, and other animal species [12, 13] and HCoV-NL63 can replicate in the lung cell line from tricolored bats [8] . Little information is available regarding cross-species events for animal CoVs. A previous study detected Scotophilus bat CoV-512 in four different bat species along with Miniopterus bat CoV-1A and Rhinolophus SARS-related CoV in Taiwan through the reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) [14] . Antibodies specific to the nucleocapsid (N) protein fragments of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 were detected in serum collected from three bat species, namely Scotophilus kuhlii, Miniopterus fuliginosus, and Rhinolophus monoceros [15]. A close relationship and possible gene recombinants between Scotophilus bat CoV-512 and PEDV were observed through sequence alignments [14, 16] . The results of the cell entry assay also indicated that PEDV can infect cells originating from pigs (PK15 and ST), humans (Huh-7 and MRC5), monkeys (Vero) and Tadarida brasiliensis bats (Tb1-Lu) [17] . We selected Scotophilus bat CoV-512 as our study target because it demonstrates the potential of cross-species infection and may play a role in the emergence or transmission of PEDV. Both molecular and serological evidences proved that Scotophilus bat CoV-512 can infect multiple animal species [14, 15] . To investigate host tropisms contributing to cross-species transmission of Scotophilus bat CoV-512, we produced a pseudovirus bearing the full-length spike (S) protein of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 in the envelope (Env) protein-defective, red fluorescence protein (RFP)-expression or luciferase (FLuc)-expression human immunodeficiency virus type (HIV-1) backbone for performing a cell entry assay in different cells from humans, bats, dogs, cats, pigs, rats, and monkeys. Results Organs were prepared from individual bat and only primary kidney cells from one Eastern bent-winged bat (Miniopterus fuliginosus), named as MFK, were still viable after eight passages for performing a pseudovirus entry assay. Primary kidney cells from one Chestnut bat (Scotophilus kuhlii) and primary lung cells from one Formosa leaf-nosed bat (Hipposideros armiger terasensis) did not maintain their growth after three passages. Lentivirus pseudotyped with the green fluorescence protein (GFP)-fused S protein of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 (Sco-S-eGFP), the S protein of SARS-CoV (SARS-S) or the glycoprotein (G) of vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV-G) was generated to study the cell entry of viruses in different cells. The pseudovirus without the glycoprotein on the surface ( env) was produced as the control of mock infection. The generated pseudoviruses allowed for a single-cycle infection in different cells. After pseudoviruses carrying the transfer plasmid encoding red fluorescent protein (RFP) entered susceptible cells, RFP was expressed and observed under a microscope at h post infection (hpi). Pseudoviruses carrying the transfer plasmid encoding luciferase (FLuc) were generated to quantify the entry efficiencies of pseudoviruses in susceptible cells by measuring luciferase activity at hpi. To generate pseudotyped Scotophilus bat CoV-512 (RFP-Sco-S-eGFP), SARS-CoV (RFP-SARS-S), and VSV (RFP-VSV-G), three plasmids were co-transfected into human embryonic kidney epithelial cells (HEK-293T) cells. After h post co-transfection with the packing plasmid (pCMVdeltaR8.91), Pathogens 2019, 8, of transfer plasmid (pLAS2w.RFP-C.Pneo), and plasmid encoding the surface protein (pEGFP-Sco-S, pCMV-SARS-S, and pMD.G), red fluorescence from the expressed RFP was observed in HEK-293T cells producing the RFP-Sco-S-eGFP, RFP-SARS-S, or RFP-VSV-G pseudoviruses. Green fluorescence from the expressed GFP fused with the carboxyl terminal S protein of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 could be observed only in HEK-293T cells producing the RFP-Sco-S-eGFP pseudovirus (Figure 1) . No fluorescence could be observed in HEK-293T cells producing the FLuc-SARS-S or FLuc-VSV-G pseudovirus carrying the transfer plasmid (pLAS2w-Fluc-Ppuro) encoding luciferase. Green fluorescence from the expressed GFP fused to the S protein of Scotophilus bat CoV-512 could be observed in HEK-293T cells producing the FLuc-Sco-S-eGFP pseudovirus.	13.51966381072998	9.484057426452637	4
Enzyme assays for synthesis and degradation of 2-5As and other 2′-5′ oligonucleotides. Background: The 5′-triphosphorylated, 2′-5′-linked oligoadenylate polyribonucleotides (2-5As) are central to the interferon-induced antiviral 2-5A system. The 2-5As bind and activate the RNase L, an endoRNase degrading viral and cellular RNA leading to inhibition of viral replication. The 2-5A system is tightly controlled by synthesis and degradation of 2-5As. Whereas synthesis is mediated by the 2′-5′ oligoadenylate synthetase family of enzymes, degradation seems to be orchestrated by multiple enzyme nucleases including phosphodiesterase 12, the ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase and the A-kinase anchoring protein 7. Results: Here we present assay tools for identification and characterization of the enzymes regulating cellular 2-5A levels. A procedure is described for the production of 2′-5′ oligoadenylates, which are then used as substrates for development and demonstration of enzyme assays measuring synthetase and nuclease activities, respectively. The synthetase assays produce only a single reaction product allowing for very precise kinetic assessment of the enzymes. We present an assay using dATP and the A(pA) tetramer core as substrates, which requires prior isolation of A(pA) . A synthetase assay using either of the dNTPs individually together with NAD + as substrates is also presented. The nuclease reactions make use of the isolated 2′-5′ oligoadenylates in producing a mixture of shorter reaction products, which are resolved by ion-exchange chromatography to determine the enzyme activities. A purified human 2′-5′ oligoadenylate synthetase and a purified human phosphodiesterase along with crude extracts expressing those proteins, are used to demonstrate the assays. Conclusions: This paper comprises an assay toolbox for identification and characterization of the synthetases and nucleases regulating cellular 2-5A levels. Assays are presented for both enzyme families. The assays can also be used to address a broader cellular role of the OAS enzymes, based on the multiple substrate specificity intrinsic to these proteins. Keywords: 2′-5′ oligoadenylate synthetase (OAS), 2′-5′ oligoadenylate nuclease, 5′-triphosphorylated, 2′-5′-linked oligoadenylate polyribonucleotides (2-5As), 5′-dephosphorylated forms of 2-5As (2-5A core molecules), Enzyme assays	-5.870126247406006	24.858247756958008	8
Epidemic Situation of Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia in China mainland. Objective] Analyze the occurrence of novel coronavirus pneumonia(NCP) in China mainland, explore the epidemiological rules, and evaluate the effect of prevention and control. [Methods] From	2.4444684982299805	-29.412328720092773	3
Epidemic size of novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia in the Epicenter Wuhan: using data of five-countries' evacuation action. Background: Since late December 2019, novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia (NCP) emerged in Wuhan, Hubei province, China. Meanwhile, NCP rapidly spread from China to other countries, and several countries' government rush to evacuate their citizens from Wuhan. We analyzed the infection rate of the evacuees and extrapolated the results in Wuhan's NCP incidence estimation. Methods: We collected the total number and confirmed cases of 2019-nCov infection in the evacuation of Korea, Japan, Germany, Singapore, and France and estimated the infection rate of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCov) among people who were evacuated from Wuhan with a meta-analysis. NCP incidence of Wuhan was indirectly estimated based on data of evacuation.	1.1409673690795898	-29.829133987426758	3
Epidemiologic Characteristics of COVID-19 in Guizhou, China Affiliations: Guizhou Center for Disease Control and Prevention Abstract. laboratory-confirmed cases related to COVID-19. We described the demographic characteristics of the cases and estimated the incubation period, serial interval and basic reproduction number. With an estimation of days incubation period and days serial interval, our results indicate that there may exist infectiousness during the incubation period for 2019-nCoV. This increases the difficulty of screening or	-4.902754783630371	-29.30401611328125	3
Epidemiologic and Clinical Characteristics of Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19 in Zhejiang, China: A retrospective, multi-centre case series. Retrospective case series. Methods were admitted to five hospitals in Zhejiang province, China. Data were Of all patients, (96.70%) were laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 with throat swab samples that tested positive for SARS-Cov-2 while (3.30%) were clinical-diagnosed COVID-19 cases. The median age of the patients was (36.5-57) years, and female accounted for 59.34%. In this sample (43.96%) patients had contracted the diseases from local cases, (34.07%) patients had been to Wuhan/Hubei, (8.79%) cases had contacted with people from Wuhan, (12.09%) cases were confirmed aircraft transmission. In particular within the city of Ningbo, 60.52% cases can be traced back to an event held in a temple. The most common symptoms were fever (71.43%), cough (60.44%) and fatigue (43.96%). The median of incubation period was (IQR, 3-8) days and the median time from first visit to a doctor to confirmed diagnosis was (1-2) days. According to the Chest computed tomography scans, 67.03% cases had bilateral pneumonia. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 Conclusions Social activity cluster, family cluster and travel by airplane were how COVID-19 patients get transmitted and could be rapidly diagnosed COVID-19 in Zhejiang.	17.33536148071289	-19.79253387451172	9
Epidemiologic data and pathogen genome sequences: a powerful synergy for public health. Epidemiologists aim to inform the design of public health interventions with evidence on the evolution, emergence and spread of infectious diseases. Sequencing of pathogen genomes, together with date, location, clinical manifestation and other relevant data about sample origins, can contribute to describing nearly every aspect of transmission dynamics, including local transmission and global spread. The analyses of these data have implications for all levels of clinical and public health practice, from institutional infection control to policies for surveillance, prevention and treatment. This review highlights the range of epidemiological questions that can be addressed from the combination of genome sequence and traditional 'line lists' (tables of epidemiological data where each line includes demographic and clinical features of infected individuals). We identify opportunities for these data to inform interventions that reduce disease incidence and prevalence. By considering current limitations of, and challenges to, interpreting these data, we aim to outline a research agenda to accelerate the genomics-driven transformation in public health microbiology.	-20.298503875732422	-19.356990814208984	5
Epidemiological and clinical features of 2019-nCoV acute respiratory disease cases in Chongqing municipality, China: a retrospective, descriptive, multiple-center study.	13.668184280395508	-14.049285888671875	7
Epidemiological and clinical features of COVID-19 patients with and without pneumonia in Beijing, China. Background: SARS-CoV-2-caused coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is posing a large casualty. The features of COVID-19 patients with and without pneumonia, SARS-CoV-2 transmissibility in asymptomatic carriers, and factors predicting disease progression remain unknown. Methods: We collected information on clinical characteristics, exposure history, and laboratory examinations of all laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 patients admitted to PLA General Hospital. Cox regression analysis was applied to identify prognostic factors. The last follow-up was February 18, 2020. Results: We characterized consecutive COVID-19 patients. The mean incubation was 8.42 (95% confidence interval [CI], 6.55-10.29) days. The mean SARS-CoV-2-positive duration from first positive test to conversion was 9.71 (95%CI, 8.21-11.22) days. COVID-19 course was approximately weeks. Asymptomatic carriers might transmit SARS-CoV-2. Compared to patients without pneumonia, those with pneumonia were years older and had a higher rate of hypertension, higher frequencies of having a fever and cough, and higher levels of interleukin-6 (14.61 vs. 8.06pg/mL, P=0.040), B lymphocyte proportion (13.0% vs.10.0%, P=0.024), low account (<190/µL) of CD8 + T cells (33.3% vs. 0, P=0.019). Multivariate Cox regression analysis indicated that circulating interleukin-6 and lactate independently predicted COVID-19 progression, with a hazard ratio (95%CI) of 1.052 (1.000-1.107) and 1.082 (1.013-1.155), respectively. During disease course, T lymphocytes were . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	18.20868682861328	-21.79293441772461	9
Epidemiological and ecological modelling reveal diversity in upper respiratory tract microbial population structures from a cross-sectional community swabbing study Key words Ecology, Epidemiology, Respiratory Infection Running Title Application of epidemiological and ecological modelling to microbial populations Corresponding Author. Respiratory tract infections (RTI) are responsible for over million deaths per year worldwide with pathobiont carriage a required precursor to infection. Through a crosssectional community-based nasal self-swabbing study we sought to determine carriage epidemiology for respiratory pathogens amongst bacteria (Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenza, Moraxella catarrhalis, Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Neisseria meningitidis) and viruses (RSV, Influenza viruses A and B, Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Coronavirus, Parainfluenza viruses 1-3 and Adenovirus (ADV)). Carriage of bacterial and viral species was shown to vary with participant age, recent RTI and the presence of other species. The spatial structure of microbial respiratory communities was less nested (more disordered) in the young (0-4 years) and those with recent RTI. Species frequency distributions were flatter than random expectation in young individuals (X = 20.42, p = 0.002), indicating spatial clumping of species consistent with facilitative relationships amongst them. Deviations from a neutral model of ecological niches were observed for samples collected in the summer and from older individuals (those aged 5-17, 18-64 and ≥ years) but not in samples collected from winter, younger individuals (those aged 0-4 years), individuals with recent RTI and individuals without recent RTI, demonstrating the importance of both neutral and niche processes in respiratory community assembly. The application of epidemiological methods and ecological theory to sets of respiratory tract samples has yielded novel insights into the factors that drive microbial community composition, such as seasonality and age, as well as species patterns and interactions within the nose.	17.599210739135742	-6.244303226470947	5
Epidemiological characteristics of COVID-19 patients in Henan, China. Based on publicly released data for patients, we investigated the epidemiological characteristics of COVID-19 in Henan of China. The following findings are obtained: 1) COVID-19 patients in Henan show gender (55% vs 45%) and age (81% aged between and 60) preferences, possible causes were explored; 2) Statistical analysis on patients reveals that the estimated average, mode and median incubation periods are 7.4, and days; Incubation periods of 92% patients were no more than days; 3) The epidemic of COVID-19 in Henan has undergone three stages and showed high correlations with the numbers of patients that recently return from Wuhan; 4) Network analysis on the aggregate outbreak phenomena of COVID-19 revealed that cases were clustering infected, and various people's Hospital are the main force in treating patients. The related investigations have potential implications for the prevention and control of COVID-19.	4.879693984985352	-27.790000915527344	3
Epidemiological parameter review and comparative dynamics of influenza, respiratory syncytial virus, rhinovirus, human coronavirus, and adenovirus. We reviewed the literature for the epidemiological parameters: incubation period, infectious period, hospitalization period, hospitalized proportion, case fatality proportion, and R . We included results from experimental and observational studies, as well as from systematic reviews when there were insufficient . CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.986337661743164	-30.76020050048828	2
Epidemiological, Clinical Characteristics and Outcome of Medical Staff Infected with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China: A Retrospective Case Series Analysis. Backgrounds Since December 2019, a novel coronavirus epidemic has emerged in Wuhan city, China and then rapidly spread to other areas. As of Feb 2020, a total of 2,055 medical staff confirmed with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by SARS-Cov-2 in China had been reported. We sought to explore the epidemiological, clinical characteristics and prognosis of novel coronavirus-infected medical staff. In this retrospective study, confirmed cases of novel coronavirus-infected medical staff admitted to Union Hospital, Wuhan between Jan, to Feb, were included. Two groups concerned were extracted from the subjects based on duration of symptoms: group (≤10 days) and group (>10 days). Epidemiological and clinical data were analyzed and compared across groups. The Kaplan-Meier plot was used to inspect the change in hospital discharge rate. The Cox regression model was utilized to identify factors associated with hospital discharge. The median age of medical staff included was years old. 64% were female and 67% were nurses. None had an exposure to Huanan seafood wholesale market or wildlife. A small proportion of the cohort had contact with specimens (5%) as well as patients in fever clinics (8%) and isolation wards (5%). Fever (67%) was the most common symptom, followed by cough (47%) and fatigue (34%). The median time interval between symptoms onset and admission was 8.5 days. On admission, 80% of medical staff showed abnormal IL-6 levels and 34% had lymphocytopenia. Chest CT mainly manifested as bilateral (61%), septal/subpleural (80%) and ground-glass (52%) opacities. During the study period, no patients was transferred to intensive care unit or died, and (53%) had been discharged. Higher body mass index (BMI) (≥ kg/m ) (HR 0.14; 95% CI 0.03-0.73), fever (HR 0.24; 95% CI 0.09-0.60) and higher levels of IL-6 on admission (HR 0.31; 95% CI 0.11-0.87) were unfavorable factors for discharge. Interpretation In this study, medical staff infected with COVID-19 have relatively milder symptoms and favorable clinical course, which may be partly due to their . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . doi: medRxiv preprint medical expertise, younger age and less underlying diseases. Smaller BMI, absence of fever symptoms and normal IL-6 levels on admission are favorable for discharge for medical staff. Further studies should be devoted to identifying the exact patterns of SARS-CoV-2 infection among medical staff.	17.08595085144043	-20.81612205505371	9
Epidemiology and Transmission of COVID-19 in Shenzhen China: Analysis of cases and 1,286 of their close contacts. Rapid spread of SARS-CoV-2 in Wuhan prompted heightened surveillance in Shenzhen and elsewhere in China. The resulting data provide a rare opportunity to measure key metrics of disease course, transmission, and the impact of control. The Shenzhen CDC identified SARS-CoV-2 cases from January to February 12, and close contacts. We compare cases identified through symptomatic surveillance and contact tracing, and estimate the time from symptom onset to confirmation, isolation, and hospitalization. We estimate metrics of disease transmission and analyze factors influencing transmission risk. Cases were older than the general population (mean age 45) and balanced between males (187) and females (204). Ninety-one percent had mild or moderate clinical severity at initial assessment. Three have died, have recovered (median time to recovery is days). Cases were isolated on average 4.6 days after developing symptoms; contact tracing reduced this by 1.9 days. Household contacts and those travelling with a case where at higher risk of infection (ORs and 7) than other close contacts. The household secondary attack rate was 15%, and children were as likely to be infected as adults. The observed reproductive number was 0.4, with a mean serial interval of 6.3 days. Our data on cases as well as their infected and uninfected close contacts provide key insights into SARS-CoV-2 epidemiology. This work shows that heightened surveillance and isolation, particularly contact tracing, reduces the time cases are infectious in the community, thereby reducing R . Its overall impact, however, is uncertain and highly dependent on the number of asymptomatic cases. We further show that children are at similar risk of infection as the general population, though less likely to have severe symptoms; hence should be considered in analyses of transmission and control.	-12.264028549194336	-31.114538192749023	2
Epitope-based peptide vaccine design and target site characterization against novel coronavirus disease caused by SARS-CoV-2. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has infected thousands of people with a large number of deaths across countries. The sudden appearance of the virus leads to the limited existing therapies for SARS-CoV-2. Therefore, vaccines and antiviral medicines are in desperate need. This study took immune-informatics approaches to identify B-and T-cell epitopes for surface glycoprotein (S) of SARS-CoV-2, followed by estimating their antigenicity and interactions with the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) alleles. We identified four B cell epitopes, two MHC class-I and nine MHC class-II binding T-cell epitopes, which showed highly antigenic features. Allergenicity, toxicity and physiochemical properties analysis confirmed the specificity and selectivity of epitopes. The stability and safety of epitopes were confirmed by digestion analysis. No mutations were observed in all the selected B-and T-cell epitopes across all isolates from different locations worldwide. Epitopes were thus identified and some of them can be potential candidates for vaccine development. : bioRxiv preprint Methods Primary sequence of SARS-CoV-2 protein was retrieved from NCBI database using accession number MN908947.3 [3]. Experimentally known 3D structure of SARS-CoV-2 S protein was retrieved from Protein Data Bank (PDB ID: 6VSB)[1]. Protein sequence was analyzed for its chemicals and physical properties including GRAVY (Grand average of hydropathicity), half-life, molecular weight, stability index and amino acid atomic composition via an online tool Protparam [13]. TMHMM v2.0 was applied to examine the transmembrane topology of S protein. Secondary structure of SARS-CoV-2 protein was analyzed by PSIPRED [14]. Existence of disulphide-bonds were examined through an online tool DIANNA v1.1 which uses trained neural system to make predictions [15]. Antigenicity of full-length S protein was evaluated by vaxijen v2.0 [16]. B-cell epitope prediction IEDB (Immune-Epitope-Database And Analysis-Resource) [17] with default parameter settings were used to predict B-cell epitopes. Epitopes predicted by linear epitope prediction of Bepipred and Bepipred2.0, Kolaskar and Tongaonkar antigenicity, Parker hydrophilicity, Chou and Fasman beta turn, and Karplus and Schulz flexibility. BcePred [18] was also used to predict B-cell epitopes using accessibility, antigenic propensity, exposed surface, flexibility, hydrophilicity, polarity and turns. Predicted B-cell epitopes by IEDB and BcePred were combined to the B-cell epitope candidate list. Based on transmembrane topology of S protein predicted by TMHMM v2.0, only epitopes on the outer surface were remained, and other intracellular epitopes were eliminated. VaxiJen 2.0 [16] was applied to evaluate the antigenicity of the remained epitopes. A stringent criteria was used to have antigenicity score of 0.9 and residue length epitopes viewed adequate to start a defensive immune reaction. A B-cell discontinuous epitope forms the antigen-binding interface through fragments scattered along the protein sequence. DiscoTope2.0[19] with discotope score threshold of -3.7 was used to predict discontinuous epitopes. Pymol was used to examine the positions of selected linear and discontinuous epitopes on the 3D structure of SARS-CoV-2 protein.	3.815455913543701	11.350591659545898	4
Error patterns in connected speech Stark et al Neural organization of speech production: A lesion-based study of error patterns in connected speech. While numerous studies have explored single-word naming, few have evaluated the behavioral and neural correlates of more naturalistic language, like connected speech, which we produce every day. Here, in a retrospective analysis of participants at least six months following left hemisphere stroke, we evaluated the distribution of word errors (paraphasias) and associated brain damage during connected speech (picture description) and object naming. While paraphasias in connected speech and naming shared underlying neural substrates, analysis of the distribution of paraphasias suggested that lexicalsemantic load is likely reduced during connected speech. Using voxelwise lesion-symptom mapping (VLSM), we demonstrated that verbal (real word: semantically related and unrelated) and sound (phonemic and neologistic) paraphasias during both connected speech and naming loaded onto the left hemisphere ventral and dorsal streams of language, respectively. Furthermore, for the first time using both connected speech and naming data, we localized semantically related paraphasias to more anterior left hemisphere temporal cortex and unrelated paraphasias to more posterior left temporal and temporoparietal cortex. The connected speech results, in particular, highlight a gradient of specificity as one translates visual recognition from left temporo-occipital cortex to posterior and subsequently anterior temporal cortex. The robustness of VLSM results for sound paraphasias derived during connected speech was notable, in that analyses performed on sound paraphasias from the connected speech task, and not the naming task, demonstrated significant results following removal of lesion volume variance and related apraxia of speech variance. Therefore, connected speech may be a particularly sensitive task on which to evaluate further lexical-phonological processing in the brain. The results presented here demonstrate the related, though different, distribution of paraphasias during connected speech, confirm that paraphasias arising in connected speech and single-word naming likely share neural origins, and endorse the need for continued evaluation of the neural substrates of connected speech processes.	-19.162878036499023	13.453630447387695	11
Establishing Prokaryotic Expression System of Angiotensin- Converting Enzyme (ACE2) gene in pigs. In this paper, ACE2 gene of pigs was cloned and the purified protein was obtained via the prokaryotic expression system. Polyclonal antibody of high titer and sensitivity was obtained using Wastar rats immunization method and is then used to determine of the expression of ACE2 using immunohistochemistry. The sequence of ACE2 in pigs covered nucleotides and coded amino acid (aa) residues. Sequence homology analysis showed that the ACE2 sequence in pigs is highly conserved among species at the nucleotide and amino acid levels. Genetic evolution analysis revealed that ACE2 gene in pigs has the shortest genetic distance with that in goats while residing in a totally different branch from that in zebra fishes. Analysis of protein structure predicted that ACE2 protein is a transmembrane secreted protein with high hydrophilicity, containing a signal peptide sequences locating between 1aa to 17aa. The ACE2 fusion protein expressed (under the induction with 1.0 mmol/L IPTG for h) was of approximately kDa and mainly existed in inclusion body. Wastar rats immunization showed that the titer of the anti-ACE2 antiserum in rats was	2.1618106365203857	13.909829139709473	11
Establishment of primary transgenic human airway epithelial cell cultures to study respiratory virus - host interactions 3. Primary human airway epithelial cell (hAEC) cultures represent a universal platform to propagate respiratory viruses and characterize their host interactions in authentic target cells. To further elucidate specific interactions between human respiratory viruses and important host factors in airway epithelium, it is important to make hAEC cultures amenable to genetic modification. However, the short and finite lifespan of primary cells in cell culture creates a bottleneck for the genetic modification of these cultures. In the current study, we show that the incorporation of the Rho-associated protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor (Y-27632) during cell propagation extends the life span of primary human cells in vitro and thereby facilitates the incorporation of lentivirus-based expression systems. Using fluorescent reporters for FACS-based sorting, we generated homogenously fluorescent hAEC cultures that differentiate normally after lentiviral transduction. As proof-of-principle, we demonstrate that host gene expression can be modulated post-differentiation via inducible short hairpin (sh)RNA-mediated knockdown. Importantly, functional characterization of these transgenic hAEC cultures with exogenous poly(I:C), as a proxy for virus infection, demonstrates that such modifications do not influence the host innate immune response. Moreover, the propagation kinetics of both human coronavirus 229E (HCoV-229E) and human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) were not affected. Combined, these results validate our newly established protocol for the genetic modification of hAEC cultures thereby unlocking a unique potential for detailed molecular characterization of virus -host interactions in human respiratory epithelium.	6.81267786026001	29.462615966796875	0
Estimates of the severity of COVID-19 disease. Background: A range of case fatality ratio (CFR) estimates for COVID-19 have been produced that differ substantially in magnitude. We used individual-case data from mainland China and cases detected outside mainland China to estimate the time between onset of symptoms and outcome (death or discharge from hospital). We next obtained age-stratified estimates of the CFR by relating the aggregate distribution of cases by dates of onset to the observed cumulative deaths in China, assuming a constant attack rate by age and adjusting for the demography of the population, and age-and location-based underascertainment. We additionally estimated the CFR from individual line-list data on 1,334 cases identified outside mainland China. We used data on the PCR prevalence in international residents repatriated from China at the end of January to obtain age-stratified estimates of the infection fatality ratio (IFR). Using data on age-stratified severity in a subset of 3,665 cases from China, we estimated the proportion of infections that will likely require hospitalisation. We estimate the mean duration from onset-of-symptoms to death to be 17.8 days (95% credible interval, crI 16.9-19.2 days) and from onset-of-symptoms to hospital discharge to be 22.6 days (95% crI 21.1-24.4 days). We estimate a crude CFR of 3.67% (95% crI 3.56%-3.80%) in cases from mainland China. Adjusting for demography and under-ascertainment of milder cases in Wuhan relative to the rest of China, we obtain a best estimate of the CFR in China of 1.38% (95% crI 1.23%-1.53%) with substantially higher values in older ages. Our estimate of the CFR from international cases stratified by age (under / and above) are consistent with these estimates from China. We obtain an overall IFR estimate for China of 0.66% (0.39%-1.33%), again with an increasing profile with age. Interpretation: These early estimates give an indication of the fatality ratio across the spectrum of COVID-19 disease and demonstrate a strong age-gradient in risk.	-9.560707092285156	-36.143428802490234	2
Estimating number of global importations of COVID-19 from Wuhan, risk of transmission outside mainland China and COVID-19 introduction index between countries outside mainland China.	0.22504788637161255	-32.404476165771484	3
Estimating the Asymptomatic Proportion of Novel Coronavirus onboard the Princess Cruises Ship, 2020. The potential infectiousness of asymptomatic COVID-19 cases together with a substantial fraction of asymptomatic infections among all infections, have been highlighted in clinical studies. We conducted statistical modeling analysis to derive the delay-adjusted asymptomatic proportion of the positive COVID-19 infections onboard the Princess Cruises ship along with the timeline of infections. We estimated the asymptomatic proportion at 17.9% (95% CrI: 15.5%-20.2%), with most of the infections occurring before the start of the 2-week quarantine. Word count: Main:	-10.592748641967773	-27.069293975830078	2
Estimating the Case Fatality Risk of COVID-19 using Cases from Outside China. There is large uncertainty around the case fatality risk (CFR) for COVID-19 in China. Therefore, we considered symptomatic cases outside of China (countries/settings with 20+ cases) and the proportion who are in intensive care units (4.0%, 14/349 on February 2020). Given what is known about CFRs for ICU patients with severe respiratory conditions from a meta-analysis, we estimated a CFR of 1.37% (95%CI: 0.57% to 3.	-10.12183952331543	-36.71790313720703	2
Estimating the Efficacy of Quarantine and Traffic Blockage for the Epidemic Caused by 2019-nCoV (COVID-19)：A Simulation Analysis. Background: Since the 2019-nCoV outbreaks in Wuhan, China, the cumulative number of confirmed cases is increasing every day, and a large number of populations all over the world are at risk. The quarantine and traffic blockage can alleviate the risk of the epidemic and the infections, henceforth evaluating the efficacy of such actions is essential to inform policy makers and raise the public awareness of the importance of self-isolation and quarantine. We collected confirmed case data and the migration data, and introduced the quarantine factor and traffic blockage factor to the Flow-SEIR model. By varying the quarantine factor and traffic blockage factor, we simulated the change of the peak number and arrival time of infections, then the efficacy of these two intervation measures can be analyzed in our simulation. In our study, the self-protection at home is also included in quarantine. In the simulated results, the quarantine and traffic blockage are effective for epidemic control. For Hubei province, the current quarantine factor is estimaed to be 0.405, which means around 40.5% of suceptibles who are close contacting with are in quarantine, and the current traffic blockage factor is estimaed to be 0.66, which indicates around 34% of suceptibles who had flowed out from Hubei. For the other provinces outside Hubei, the current quarantine factor is estimated to be 0.285, and the current traffic blockage factor is estimated to be 0.26. With the quarantine and traffic blockage factor increasing, the number of infections decrease dramatically. We also simulated the start dates of quarantine and traffic blockage at four time points, the simulated results show that the early of warning is also effective for epidemic containing. However, provincial level traffic blockage can only alleviate 21.06% -22.38% of the peak number of infections. In general, the quarantine is much more effective than the traffic blockage control.	-6.1949920654296875	-26.246110916137695	3
Estimating the cure rate and case fatality rate of the ongoing epidemic COVID-19. The epidemic caused by the novel coronavirus in Wuhan at the end of has become an urgent public event of worldwide concern. However, due to the changing data of the epidemic, there is no scientific estimate of the cure rate and case fatality rate of the epidemic. This study proposes a method to estimate the cure rate and case fatality rate of COVID-19. The ratio of cumulative discharges on a given day to the sum of cumulative discharges on a given day and cumulative deaths before j days is used to estimate the cure rate. Moreover, the case fatality ratio can also be estimated. After simulation calculations, j is statistically appropriate when it is 8-10, and it is also clinically appropriate. When j is 9, based on the available data, it is inferred that the cure rate of this epidemic is about 93% and the case fatality rate is about 7%. This method of estimating the cure rate can be used to evaluate the effectiveness of treatment in different medical schemes and different regions, and has great value and significance for decision-making in the epidemic. improvement of medical conditions, and rich experience in treatment, patients with COVID-19 will be treated more effectively. Consequently, the CR will increase, and the CFR will decrease. The authors declare no conflict of interest.	-8.174920082092285	-25.114242553710938	3
Estimating the daily trend in the size of the COVID-19 infected population in Wuhan. There has been an outbreak of coronavirus disease in Wuhan city, Hubei province, China since December 2019. Cases have been exported to other parts of China and more than countries. We provide estimates of the daily trend in the size of the epidemic in Wuhan based on detailed information of 10,940 confirmed cases outside Hubei province.	-0.040946025401353836	-29.58721923828125	3
Estimating the generation interval for COVID-19 based on symptom onset data. Estimating key infectious disease parameters from the COVID-19 outbreak is quintessential for modelling studies and guiding intervention strategies. Whereas different estimates for the incubation period distribution and the serial interval distribution have been reported, estimates of the generation interval for COVID-19 have not been provided. Methods: We used outbreak data from clusters in Singapore and Tianjin, China to estimate the generation interval from symptom onset data while acknowledging uncertainty about the incubation period distribution and the underlying transmission network. From those estimates we obtained the proportions pre-symptomatic transmission and reproduction numbers. Results: The mean generation interval was 5.20 (95%CI 3.78-6.78) days for Singapore and 3.95 (95%CI 3.01-4.91) days for Tianjin, China when relying on a previously reported incubation period with mean 5.2 and SD 2.8 days. The proportion of pre-symptomatic transmission was 48% (95%CI 32-67%) for Singapore and 62% (95%CI 50-76%) for Tianjin, China. Estimates of the reproduction number based on the generation interval distribution were slightly higher than those based on the serial interval distribution. Conclusions: Estimating generation and serial interval distributions from outbreak . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-11.659494400024414	-34.5907096862793	2
Estimating the infection and case fatality ratio for COVID-19 using age-adjusted data from the outbreak on the Diamond Princess cruise ship. Adjusting for delay from confirmation-to-death, we estimated case and infection fatality ratios (CFR, IFR) for COVID-19 on the Diamond Princess ship as 2.3% (0.75%-5.3%) and 1.2% (0.38-2.7%). Comparing deaths onboard with expected deaths based on naive CFR estimates using China data, we estimate IFR and CFR in China to be 0.5% (95% CI: 0.2-1.2%) and 1.1% (95% CI: 0.3-2.4%) respectively.	-8.457282066345215	-36.872886657714844	9
Estimating the risk on outbreak spreading of 2019-nCoV in China using transportation data. A novel corona virus (2019-nCoV) was identified in Wuhan, China and has been causing an unprecedented outbreak in China. The spread of this novel virus can eventually become an international emergency. During the early outbreak phase in Wuhan, one of the most important public health tasks is to prevent the spread of the virus to other cities. Therefore, full-scale border control measures to prevent the spread of virus have been discussed in many nearby countries. At the same time, lockdown in Wuhan cityu (border control from leaving out) has been imposed. The challenge is that many people have traveled from Wuhan to other cities before the border control. Thus, it is difficult to forecast the number of imported cases at different cities and estimate their risk on outbreak emergence. Here, we have developed a mathematical framework incorporating city-to-city connections to calculate the number of imported cases of the novel virus from an outbreak source, and the cumulative number of secondary cases generated by the imported cases. We used this number to estimate the arrival time of outbreak emergence using air travel frequency data from Wuhan to other cities, collected from the International Air Transport Association database. In addition, a meta-population compartmental model was built based on a classical SIR approach to simulate outbreaks at different cities. We consider the scenarios under three basic reproductive number " settings using the best knowledge of the current findings, from high (2.92), mild (1.68), to a much lower numbers (1.4). The mean arrival time of outbreak spreading has been determined. Under the high " , the critical time is 17.9 days after December 31, for outbreak spreading. Under the low " , the critical time is between day 26.2 to day after December 31, 2019. To make an extra days gain, under the low " (1.4), the control measures have to reduce 87% of the connections between the source and target cities. Under the higher " (2.92), the effect on reducing the chance of outbreak emergence is generally low until the border control measure was enhanced to reduce more than 95% of the connections. CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-7.382915496826172	-25.298728942871094	3
Estimation of country-level basic reproductive ratios for novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) using synthetic contact matrices. The outbreak of novel coronavirus has the potential for global spread, infecting large numbers in all countries. In this case, estimating the country-specific basic reproductive ratio is a vital first step in public-health planning. The basic reproductive ratio (R0) is determined by both the nature of pathogen and the network of contacts through which the disease can spread -with this network determined by socio-demographics including age-structure and household composition. Here we focus on the age-structured transmission within the population, using data from China to inform agedependent susceptibility and synthetic age-mixing matrices to inform the contact network. This allows us to determine the country-specific basic reproductive ratio as a multiplicative scaling of the value from China. We predict that R0 will be highest across Eastern Europe and Japan, and lowest across Africa, Central America and South-Western Asia. This pattern is largely driven by the ratio of children to older adults in each country and the observed propensity of clinical cases in the elderly.	-14.081952095031738	-21.226886749267578	2
Estimation of instant case fatality rate of COVID-19 in Wuhan and Hubei based on daily case notification data. Background The outbreak of coronavirus disease initially appeared and has most rapidly spread in Wuhan, China. The case fatality rate is the most direct indicator to assess the hazards of an infectious disease. We aimed to estimate the instant fatality rate and cure rate of COVID-19 in Wuhan City and its affiliated Hubei Province. We collected the daily case notification data of COVIDin Wuhan City and Hubei Province officially announced by the Chinese authority. The numbers of daily confirmed/deaths/cured cases and the numbers of daily cumulative confirmed/deaths/cured cases were obtained. The death time and cure time of COVID-19 patients were calculated based on the dates of diagnosis, death and discharge of individual cases. Then the estimated diagnosis dates of deaths and cured cases were obtained on the basis of the median death or medium cure time, respectively. Finally, the instant fatality rate of COVID-19 was calculated according to the numbers of deaths and cured cases on the same estimated diagnosis dates. From Jan 1, to Feb 22, in Wuhan City, the instant case fatality rate of COVID-19 was 3.4%～19.5% and the instant cured rate was 80.0%～96.6%. The average fatality rate reached 11.4% while the average cure rate was 88.6%. During the same period in Hubei Province, the instant case fatality rate was 3.8%～16.6% and the instant cured rate was 83.4%～96.6%. The average fatality rate and the average cure rate were 9.2% and 91.8%, respectively. The fatality rate and cure rate of COVID-19 in Wuhan City and Hubei Province were underestimated. Wuhan showed higher fatality rate and cure rate than the whole Hubei Province did.	-3.8359367847442627	-31.46192169189453	3
Estimation of local novel coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in Wuhan, China from off-site reported cases and population flow data from different sources. Backgrounds: In December 2019, a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pneumonia hit Wuhan, Hubei Province, China and spread to the rest of China and overseas. The emergence of this virus coincided with the Spring Festival Travel Rush in China. It is possible to estimate total number of cases of COVID-19 in Wuhan, by January 2020, given the cases reported in other cities and population flow data between cities. Methods: We built a model to estimate the total number of cases in Wuhan by January 2020, based on the number of cases detected outside Wuhan city in China, with the assumption that if the same screening effort used in other cities applied in Wuhan. We employed population flow data from different sources between Wuhan and other cities/regions by January 2020. The number of total cases was determined by the maximum log likelihood estimation. Findings: From overall cities/regions data, we predicted (95% CI: 1177, 1484), (95% CI: 1018, 1292) and (95% CI: 4732, 5859) as total cases in Wuhan by January 2020, based on different source of data from Changjiang Daily newspaper, Tencent, and Baidu. From separate cities/regions data, we estimated (95% CI: 918, 1209), (95% CI: 4659, 5808) as total cases in Wuhan in Wuhan by January 2020, based on different sources of population flow data from Tencent and Baidu. Conclusion: Sources of population follow data and methods impact the estimates of local cases in Wuhan before city lock down.	-1.6267322301864624	-31.131378173828125	3
Estimation of risk factors for COVID-19 mortality -preliminary results. Since late December a new epidemic outbreak has emerged from Whuhan, China. Rapidly the new coronavirus has spread worldwide.	3.0473341941833496	-22.269006729125977	1
Estimation of the Time-Varying Reproduction Number of COVID-19 Outbreak in China. medRxiv preprint Background: The 2019-nCoV outbreak in Wuhan, China has attracted world-wide attention. As of February 11, 2020, a total of cases of novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia associated with COVID-19 were confirmed by the National Health Commission of China. Methods: Three approaches, namely Poisson likelihood-based method (ML), exponential growth rate-based method (EGR) and stochastic Susceptible-Infected-Removed dynamic model-based method (SIR), were implemented to estimate the basic and controlled reproduction numbers. Results: A total of chains of transmission together with dates of symptoms onset and dates of infections were identified among confirmed cases outside Hubei as reported by February 2, 2020. Based on this information, we find the serial interval having an average of 4.41 days with a standard deviation of 3.17 days and the infectious period having an average of 10.91 days with a standard deviation of 3.95 days. The controlled reproduction number is declining. It is lower than one in most regions of China, but is still larger than one in Hubei Province. Sustained efforts are needed to further reduce the ܴ to below one in order to end the current epidemic.	-6.1256914138793945	-29.57758331298828	3
Estimation of the epidemic properties of the novel coronavirus: A mathematical modeling study. The novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged in Wuhan, China in December and has been spreading rapidly in China. Decisions about its pandemic threat and the appropriate level of public health response depend heavily on estimates of its basic reproduction number and assessments of interventions conducted in the early stages of the epidemic.	-8.063563346862793	-27.172163009643555	3
Estimation of the final size of the COVID-19 epidemic. In this short paper, the logistic growth model and classic susceptible-infected-recovered dynamic model are used to estimate the final size of the coronavirus epidemic.	-6.990206241607666	-20.244577407836914	3
Estimation of the final size of the second phase of the coronavirus COVID epidemic by the logistic model. In the note, the logistic growth regression model is used for the estimation of the final size and its peak time of the coronavirus epidemic in China, South Korea, and the rest of the World. In the previous article [1], we try to estimate the final size of the epidemic for the whole World using the logistic model and SIR model. The estimation was about cases. Both models show that the outbreak is moderating; however, new data showed a linear upward trend. It turns out that the epidemy in China was slowing but is begin to spread elsewhere in the World. In this note, we will give forecasting epidemic size for China, South Korea, and the rest of the World and daily predictions using the logistic model. Full daily reports and counties outside of China generated are available at -19_epidemic_size The MATLAB program fitVirus used for calculations is freely available from We note that logistic models give similar results as the SIR model (at least for the case of China and South Korea). However, the logistic model is given by explicit formula and is thus much simpler for regression analysis than the SIR model, where one must on each optimization step solve a system of ordinary differential equations. (One may,	-7.991461753845215	-21.04636573791504	3
Etiology and Risk Factors for Mortality in an Adult Community-acquired Pneumonia Cohort in Malawi. Rationale: In the context of rapid antiretroviral therapy rollout and an increasing burden of noncommunicable diseases, there are few contemporary data describing the etiology and outcome of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) in sub-Saharan Africa. Objectives: To describe the current etiology of CAP in Malawi and identify risk factors for mortality. Methods: We conducted a prospective observational study of adults hospitalized with CAP to a teaching hospital in Blantyre, Malawi. Etiology was defined by blood culture, Streptococcus pneumoniae urinary antigen detection, sputum mycobacterial culture and Xpert MTB/RIF, and nasopharyngeal aspirate multiplex PCR. Measurements and Main Results: In patients (285 [62.1%] males; median age, 34.7 [interquartile range, 29.4-41.9] yr), 30-day mortality was 14.6% (64/439) and associated with male sex (adjusted odds ratio, 2.60 [95% confidence interval, 1.17-5.78]), symptom duration greater than days (2.78 [1.40-5.54]), tachycardia (2.99 [1.48-6.06]), hypoxemia (4.40 [2.03-9.51]), and inability to stand (3.59 [1.72-7.50]). HIV was common (355/453; 78.4%), frequently newly diagnosed (124/355; 34.9%), but not associated with mortality. S. pneumoniae (98/458; 21.4%) and Mycobacterium tuberculosis (75/326; 23.0%) were the most frequently identified pathogens. Viral infection occurred in 32.6% (148/454) with influenza (40/454; 8.8%) most common. Bacterial-viral coinfection occurred in 9.1% (28/307). Detection of M. tuberculosis was associated with mortality (adjusted odds ratio, 2.44 [1.19-5.01]). Conclusions: In the antiretroviral therapy era, CAP in Malawi remains predominantly HIV associated, with a large proportion attributable to potentially vaccine-preventable pathogens. Strategies to increase early detection and treatment of tuberculosis and improve supportive care, in particular the correction of hypoxemia, should be evaluated in clinical trials to address CAPassociated mortality.	21.48995018005371	-24.268112182617188	9
Etiology of fever in Ugandan children: identification of microbial pathogens using metagenomic next-generation sequencing and IDseq, a platform for unbiased metagenomic analysis 4. Background: Febrile illness is a major burden in African children, and non-malarial causes of fever are uncertain. We built and employed IDseq, a cloud-based, open access, bioinformatics platform and service to identify microbes from metagenomic next-generation sequencing of tissue samples. In this pilot study, we evaluated blood, nasopharyngeal, and stool specimens from children (aged 2-54 months) with febrile illness admitted to Tororo District Hospital, Uganda. Results: The most common pathogens identified were Plasmodium falciparum (51.1% of samples) and parvovirus B19 (4.4%) from blood; human rhinoviruses A and C (40%), respiratory syncytial virus (10%), and human herpesvirus (10%) from nasopharyngeal swabs; and rotavirus A (50% of those with diarrhea) from stool. Among other potential pathogens, we identified one novel orthobunyavirus, tentatively named Nyangole virus, from the blood of a child diagnosed with malaria and pneumonia, and Bwamba orthobunyavirus in the nasopharynx of a child with rash and sepsis. We also identified two novel human rhinovirus C species. Conclusions: This exploratory pilot study demonstrates the utility of mNGS and the IDseq platform for defining the molecular landscape of febrile infectious diseases in resource limited areas. These methods, supported by a robust data analysis and sharing platform, offer a new tool for the surveillance, diagnosis, and ultimately treatment and prevention of infectious diseases. To address these challenges, we developed IDseq, a cloud-based open-source bioinformatics platform and service for detection of microbial pathogens from metagenomic next-generation sequencing (mNGS) data. IDseq requires minimal computational hardware and is designed to enhance accessibility and build informatics capacity in resource limited regions. Here, we leveraged IDseq and mNGS data to perform an exploratory proof-of-concept molecular survey of febrile children in rural Uganda to characterize pathogens associated with fever, including both well-recognized and novel causes of illness.	14.17092227935791	-7.49456262588501	6
Evaluating new evidence in the early dynamics of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan, China with real time domestic traffic and potential asymptomatic transmissions. The novel coronavirus , first detected in Wuhan, China in December 2019, has spread to countries/regions with over 43,000 confirmed cases. Much about this outbreak is still unknown. At this early stage of the epidemic, it is important to investigate alternative sources of information to understand its dynamics and spread. With updated real time domestic traffic, this study aims to integrate recent evidence of international evacuees extracted from Wuhan between Jan. and Feb. 2, to infer the dynamics of the COVD-19 outbreak in Wuhan. In addition, a modified SEIR model was used to evaluate the empirical support for the presence of asymptomatic transmissions. Based on the data examined, this study found little evidence for the presence of asymptomatic transmissions. However, it is still too early to rule out its presence conclusively due to sample size and other limitations. The updated basic reproductive number was found to be 2.12 on average with a 95% credible interval of [2.04, 2.18]. It is smaller than previous estimates probably because the new estimate factors in the social and non-pharmaceutical mitigation implemented in Wuhan through the evacuee dataset. Detailed predictions of infected individuals exported both domestically and internationally were produced. The estimated case confirmation rate has been low but has increased steadily to 23.37% on average. The findings of this study depend on the validity of the underlying assumptions, and continuing work is needed, especially in monitoring the current infection status of Wuhan residents.	-10.84467601776123	-28.464351654052734	3
Evaluating performance of metagenomic characterization algorithms using in silico datasets generated with FASTQSim. Background In silico bacterial, viral, and human truth datasets were generated to evaluate available metagenomics algorithms. Sequenced datasets include background organisms, creating ambiguity in the true source organism for each read. Bacterial and viral datasets were created with even and staggered coverage to evaluate organism identification, read mapping, and gene identification capabilities of available algorithms. These truth datasets are provided as a resource for the development and refinement of metagenomic algorithms. Algorithm performance on these truth datasets can inform decision makers on strengths and weaknesses of available algorithms and how the results may be best leveraged for bacterial and viral organism identification and characterization. Source organisms were selected to mirror communities described in the Human Microbiome Project as well as the emerging pathogens listed by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. The six in silico datasets were used to evaluate the performance of six leading metagenomics algorithms: MetaScope, Kraken, LMAT, MetaPhlAn, MetaCV, and MetaPhyler. Results Algorithms were evaluated on runtime, true positive organisms identified to the genus and species levels, false positive organisms identified to genus and species level, read mapping, relative abundance estimation, and gene calling. No algorithm out performed the others in all categories, and the algorithm or algorithms of choice strongly depends on analysis goals. MetaPhlAn excels for bacteria and LMAT for viruses. The algorithms were ranked by overall performance using a normalized weighted sum of the above metrics, and MetaScope emerged as the overall winner, followed by Kraken and LMAT. Conclusions Simulated FASTQ datasets with well--characterized truth data about microbial community composition reveal numerous insights about the relative strengths and weaknesses of the metagenomics algorithms evaluated. The simulated datasets are available to download from the Sequence Read Archive (SRP062063).	-10.89429759979248	-1.681343674659729	6
Evaluating the accuracy of different respiratory specimens in the laboratory diagnosis and monitoring the viral shedding of 2019-nCoV infections. The outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) caused by	22.640995025634766	-2.6372199058532715	1
Evaluating the impact of international airline suspensions on the early global spread of COVID-19. Global airline networks play a key role in the global importation of emerging infectious diseases. Detailed information on air traffic between international airports has been demonstrated to be useful in retrospectively validating and prospectively predicting case emergence in other countries. In this paper, we use a well-established metric known as effective distance on the global air traffic data from IATA to quantify risk of emergence for different countries as a consequence of direct importation from China, and compare it against arrival times for the first countries. Using this model trained on official first reports from WHO, we estimate time of arrival (ToA) for all other countries. We then incorporate data on airline suspensions to recompute the effective distance and assess the effect of such cancellations in delaying the estimated arrival time for all other countries. Finally we use the infectious disease vulnerability indices to explain some of the estimated reporting delays.	-12.780411720275879	-23.04200553894043	2
Evaluation of Enzyme-Linked Immunoassay and Colloidal Gold- Immunochromatographic Assay Kit for Detection of Novel Coronavirus (SARS-Cov-2) Causing an Outbreak of Pneumonia (COVID-19). BACKGROUND: In December 2019, a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)-infected pneumonia (COVID-19) occurred in Wuhan, China. Travel-associated cases have also been reported in other countries. The number of cases has increased rapidly but laboratory diagnosis is limited. METHODS: We collect two groups of cases diagnosed with COVID-19 for experiments. One group collected samples for Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) IgG and IgM antibodies. The other group collected plasma samples for colloidal gold-immunochromatographic assay (GICA). RESULTS: The sensitivity of the combined ELISA IgM and ELISA IgG detection was 55/63 ( 87.3%), The sensitivity of the combined GICA IgM and GICA IgG detection was 75/91 ( 82.4%), Both methods are negative for healthy controls, specificity of 100% .There is no significant difference between the sensitivity of between ELISA and GICA (IgM+ IgG). CONCLUSIONS: ELISA and GICA for specific IgM and IgG antibodies are conventional serological assays, they are simple, fast, and safe, the results can be used for clinical reference, and the huge clinical diagnosis and treatment pressure can be .The disease has rapidly spread from Wuhan to other areas. By February 27, 2020, there were confirmed cases reported in China, and tragically we have now surpassed people in China have lost their lives because of this virus. Most of the cases and most of the deaths are in Hubei province, Wuhan. Outside China, there are cases in countries, and death. The type of pneumonia caused by the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	9.148293495178223	-12.765782356262207	7
Evaluation of a Redesigned Personal Protective Equipment Gown. In healthcare, the goal of personal protective equipment (PPE) is to protect healthcare personnel (HCP) and patients from body fluids and infectious organisms via contact, droplet, or airborne transmission. The critical importance of using PPE properly is highlighted by potentially fatal viral infections, severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus and Ebola virus, where HCP became infected while caring for patients due to errors in the use of PPE. However, PPE in dealing with less dangerous, but highly infectious organisms is important as well. This work proposes a framework to test and evaluate PPE with a focus on gown design. An observational study identified issues with potential for contamination related to gown use. After redesigning the existing gown, a high-fidelity patient simulator study with HCP as participants evaluated the gown redesign using commonly performed tasks. Variables of interest were nonadherence to procedural standards, use problems with the gown during task performance, and usability and cognitive task load ratings of the standard and redesigned gowns. While no differences were found in terms of nonadherence and use problems between the current and the redesigned gown, differences in usability and task load ratings suggested that the redesigned gown is perceived more favorably by HCP. This work proposes a framework to guide the evaluation of PPE. The results suggest that the current design of the PPE gown can be improved in usability and user satisfaction. Although our data did not find an increase in adherence to protocol when using the redesigned gown, it is likely that higher usability and lower task load could result in higher adherence over longer periods of use.	-26.416576385498047	-19.7711124420166	2
Evaluation of custom multiplex real -time RT -PCR in comparison to fast -track diagnostics respiratory pathogens kit for detection of multiple respiratory viruses. Background: Severe acute respiratory infections in children can be fatal, rapid identification of the causative agent and timely treatment can be life saving. Multiplex real time RT-PCR helps in simultaneous detection of multiple viruses saving cost, time and labour. Commercially available multiplex real time RT-PCR kits are very expensive. Therefore the aim of the present study was to develop a cost effective multiplex real time RT-PCR for the detection of respiratory viruses and compare it with an in-vitro diagnostics approved Fast Track Diagnostic Respiratory Pathogens Kit (FTD). Methods: Nasopharyngeal aspirates and throat swabs were collected and processed for extraction of nucleic acid using an automated extraction system and multiplex real time RT-PCR was performed using the FTD kit and a custom assay on samples. : Custom and FTD assays detected one or more respiratory viruses in (75.29 %) and (73.60 %) samples respectively. The concordance between the custom assay and the FTD assay was % for HCoV OC43, HCoV 229E, HPIV-1, HPIV-2, HBoV, HPeV, Flu A, and Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 and 94.66 -99.71 % for the remaining viruses; Flu B (99.71 %), HRV (99.71 %), HPIV-3 (98.87 %), HPIV-4 (99.43 %), HCoV NL63 (99.71 %), HMPV A/B (99.71 %), RSV A/B (94.66 %), EV (98.31 %), HCoV HKU1 (99.71 %), HAdV (99.71 %). Major discrepancy was observed for RSV A/B, which was over detected in samples by the custom assay as compared to the FTD assay. The custom assay was much cheaper than the FTD assay and the time taken was only min more. The custom primer and probe mix was found to be comparable to the FTD assay with good concordance but was much cheaper and the time taken for reporting was only min more. The low cost custom multiplex RT-PCR can be a useful alternative to the costly FTD kit for rapid identification of viral aetiology in resource limited settings.	3.2652385234832764	-5.571633338928223	7
Evaluation of polyphenols from Broussonetia papyrifera as coronavirus protease inhibitors. The current study was designed to assess the inhibitory activity of Broussonetia papyrifera-derived polyphenols against 3-chymotrypsin-like and papain-like coronavirus cysteine proteases. The isolated compounds were broussochalcone B (1), broussochalcone A (2), 4-hydroxyisolonchocarpin (3), papyriflavonol A (4), -(3-methylbut-2-enyl)-3 ,4,7-trihydroxyflavane (5), kazinol A (6), kazinol B (7), broussoflavan A (8), kazinol F (9), and kazinol J (10). All polyphenols were more potent against papain-like protease (PL pro ) than against 3-chymotripsin-like protease (3CL pro ); therefore, we investigated their structural features that were responsible for this selectivity. Compound was the most potent inhibitor of PL pro with an IC value of 3.7 lM. The active compounds displayed kinetic behaviors, and the binding constants of their interaction with PL pro were determined from surface plasmon resonance analysis. Our results suggest B. papyrifera constituents as promising candidates for development into potential anti-coronaviral agents. ARTICLE HISTORY	18.15744972229004	35.83830642700195	11
Evaluation of the clinical characteristics of suspected or confirmed cases of COVID-19 during home care with isolation: A new retrospective analysis based on O2O. The recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus in December has activated top-level response nationwide. We developed a new treatment model based on the online-to-offline (O2O) model for the home isolated patients, because in the early stages the medical staff were insufficient to cope with so many patients. In this single-centered, retrospective study, we enrolled confirmed/suspected COVID-19 patients who underwent home isolation in Wuhan between January and January 31, 2020. By WeChat and online document editing all patients were treated with medical observation scale. The clinical indications such as Fever, Muscle soreness, Dyspnea and Lack of strength were collected with this system led by medical staff in management, medicine, nursing, rehabilitation and psychology. The mean age of patients was 39·08±13·88 years, 35(72·9%) were women. Compared with non-hospitalized patients, inpatients were older(≥70years, 2·4% vs 33·3%, P<0·04). All inpatients had fever, 50% inpatients had coughs and showed infiltration in both lungs at the time of diagnosis. 33·3% author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint inpatients exhibited negative changes in their CT results at initial diagnosis. The body temperature of non-hospitalized patients with mild symptoms returned to normal by day 4-5. While dyspnea peaked on day for non-hospitalized patients with mild symptoms, it persisted in hospitalized patients and exacerbated over time. The lack of strength and muscle soreness were both back to normal by day for non-hospitalized patients. Monitoring the trends of symptoms is more important for identifying severe cases. Excessive laboratory data and physical examination are not necessary for the evaluation of patients with mild symptoms. The system we developed is the first to convert the subjective symptoms of patients into objective scores. This type of O2O, subjective-to-objective strategy may be used in regions with similar highly infectious diseases to minimize the possibility of infection among medical staff. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	14.202993392944336	-19.20637321472168	7
Evaluation of the potential incidence of COVID-19 and effectiveness of contention measures in Spain: a data-driven approach. Our society is currently experiencing an unprecedented challenge, managing and containing an outbreak of a new coronavirus disease known as COVID-19. While China -where the outbreak started -seems to have been able to contain the growth of the epidemic, different outbreaks are nowadays being detected in multiple countries. Much is currently unknown about the natural history of the disease, such as a possible asymptomatic spreading or the role of age in both the susceptibility and mortality of the disease. Nonetheless, authorities have to take action and implement contention measures, even if not everything is known. To facilitate this task, we have studied the effect of different containment strategies that can be put into effect. Our work specifically refers to the situation in Spain as of February 28th, 2020, where a few dozens of cases have been detected. We implemented an SEIR-metapopulation model that allows tracing explicitly the spatial spread of the disease through data-driven stochastic simulations. Our results are in line with the most recent recommendations from the World Health Organization, namely, that the best strategy is the early detection and isolation of individuals with symptoms, followed by interventions and public recommendations aimed at reducing the transmissibility of the disease, which although not efficacious for disease eradication, would produce as a second order effect a delay of several days in the raise of the number of infected cases. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.034025192260742	-27.576269149780273	2
Evaluation of the tuberculosis programme in Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, the People's Republic of China: a retrospective case study. Background: Tuberculosis is a devastating disease due to its rapid transmission and high rate of mortality. Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region (NHAR), located in the North-west, is one of the poorest provinces in China and national surveys have shown TB has been hyper endemic in NHAR for several decades. As no active surveys had been undertaken since the initiation of the DOTS control program across all of NHAR. Methods: A retrospective study was undertaken of all clinical records of TB patients registered from January to September 2009. Poisson regression was performed to investigate the change in incidence over time and accounted for age, sex and county. Length of time on treatment, disease severity and patient delay were assessed by county. Results: More than 30% of patients had been on treatment for over months and 10% for over years, reflecting drug-resistance or failure of DOTS. More than 93% of patients had grade III disease at time of diagnosis and >15% of patients had severe disease grade IV-V in some NHAR counties. Further, 8.8% of patients were not diagnosed for over months from the onset of symptoms; this was as high as 20% in some counties. The reported incidence of TB is most likely grossly underestimated and the data indicate TB is a major public health concern in NHAR. Conclusions: It is clear that active surveillance is necessary to determine the full extent of the burden of TB in NHAR. New control and treatment strategies for TB are required that increase awareness in the health-care system and at the individual and community level.	-15.969439506530762	-32.99790573120117	2
Evidence for RNA editing in the transcriptome of Novel Coronavirus. The 2019-nCoV outbreak has become a global health risk. Editing by host deaminases is an innate restriction process to counter viruses, and it is not yet known whether it operates against coronaviruses. Here we analyze RNA sequences from bronchoalveolar lavage fluids derived from two Wuhan patients. We identify nucleotide changes that may be signatures of RNA editing: Adenosine-to-Inosine changes from ADAR deaminases and Cytosine-to-Uracil changes from APOBEC ones. A mutational analysis of genomes from different strains of human-hosted Coronaviridae reveals patterns similar to the RNA editing pattern observed in the 2019-nCoV transcriptomes. Our results suggest that both APOBECs and ADARs are involved in Coronavirus genome editing, a process that may shape the fate of both virus and patient.	-3.742924928665161	18.224136352539062	8
Evidence for Retrovirus and Paramyxovirus Infection of Multiple Bat Species in China. Bats are recognized reservoirs for many emerging zoonotic viruses of public health importance. Identifying and cataloguing the viruses of bats is a logical approach to evaluate the range of potential zoonoses of bat origin. We characterized the fecal pathogen microbiome of both insectivorous and frugivorous bats, incorporating individual bats comprising common species, which were sampled in three locations of Yunnan province, by combining reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assays and next-generation sequencing. Seven individual bats were paramyxovirus-positive by RT-PCR using degenerate primers, and these paramyxoviruses were mainly classified into three genera (Rubulavirus, Henipavirus and Jeilongvirus). Various additional novel pathogens were detected in the paramyxovirus-positive bats using Illumina sequencing. A total of assembled contigs (≥200 bp) were constructed, and contigs matched eukaryotic viruses (of them belong to vertebrate virus families, insect virus, and mycovirus), were parasites, and were homologous to prokaryotic microorganisms. Among the Viruses 2014, vertebrate viral contigs, displayed low identity (<70%) to known viruses including human viruses at the amino acid level, suggesting that these belong to novel and genetically divergent viruses. Overall, the most frequently identified viruses, particularly in bats from the family Hipposideridae, were retroviruses. The present study expands our understanding of the bat virome in species commonly found in Yunnan, China, and provides insight into the overall diversity of viruses that may be capable of directly or indirectly crossing over into humans.	10.536581039428711	-0.3964484632015228	10
Evidence of recombination in coronaviruses implicating pangolin origins of nCoV- 2019. A novel coronavirus (nCoV-2019) was the cause of an outbreak of respiratory illness detected in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in December of 2019. Genomic analyses of nCoV-2019 determined a 96% resemblance with a coronavirus isolated from a bat in (RaTG13); however, the receptor binding motif (RBM) of these two genomes share low sequence similarity. This divergence suggests a possible alternative source for the RBM coding sequence in nCoV-2019. We identified high sequence similarity in the RBM between nCoV-2019 and a coronavirus genome reconstructed from a viral metagenomic dataset from pangolins possibly indicating a more complex origin for nCoV-	10.696699142456055	7.557003021240234	4
Evidence of the Recombinant Origin and Ongoing Mutations in Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). The recent global outbreak of viral pneumonia designated as Coronavirus Disease by coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has threatened global public health and urged to investigate its source. Whole genome analysis of SARS-CoV-2 revealed ~96% genomic similarity with bat CoV (RaTG13) and clustered together in phylogenetic tree. Furthermore, RaTG13 also showed 97.43% spike protein similarity with SARS-CoV-2 suggesting that RaTG13 is the closest strain. However, RBD and key amino acid residues supposed to be crucial for human-to-human and cross-species transmission are homologues between SARS-CoV-2 and pangolin CoVs. These results from our analysis suggest that SARS-CoV-2 is a recombinant virus of bat and pangolin CoVs. Moreover, this study also reports mutations in coding regions of SARS-CoV-2 genomes signifying its aptitude for evolution. In short, our findings propose that homologous recombination has been occurred between bat and pangolin CoVs that triggered cross-species transmission and emergence of SARS-CoV-2, and, during the ongoing outbreak, SARS-CoV-2 is still evolving for its adaptability. MAFFT online service: multiple sequence alignment, interactive sequence choice and visualization.	10.866244316101074	10.156280517578125	4
Evolution and variation of 2019-novel coronavirus. Background: The current outbreak caused by novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in China has become a worldwide concern. As of January 2020, there were confirmed cases and deaths, and countries or regions were affected. We downloaded the genomes of 2019-nCoVs and similar isolates from the Global Initiative on Sharing Avian Influenza Database (GISAID and nucleotide database of the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI). Lasergene 7.0 and MEGA 6.0 softwares were used to calculate genetic distances of the sequences, to construct phylogenetic trees, and to align amino acid sequences. Bayesian coalescent phylogenetic analysis, implemented in the BEAST software package, was used to calculate the molecular clock related characteristics such as the nucleotide substitution rate and the most recent common ancestor (tMRCA) of 2019-nCoVs. Results: An isolate numbered EPI_ISL_403928 showed different phylogenetic trees and genetic distances of the whole length genome, the coding sequences (CDS) of ployprotein (P), spike protein (S), and nucleoprotein (N) from other 2019-nCoVs. There are 22, 4, variations in P, S, and N at the level of amino acid residues. The nucleotide substitution rates from high to low are 1·05 × -2 (nucleotide substitutions/site/year, with 95% HPD interval being 6.	17.14824104309082	2.7149815559387207	6
Evolutionary proteomics uncovers ciliary signaling components 2. Cilia are organelles specialized for movement and signaling. To infer when during animal evolution signaling pathways became associated with cilia, we characterized the proteomes of cilia from three organisms: sea urchins, sea anemones and choanoflagellates. From these ciliomes, we identified high confidence ciliary candidate proteins conserved in mammals, including known regulators of Hh, GPCR and TRP channel signaling. The phylogenetic profiles of their ciliary association indicate that the Hh and GPCR pathways were linked to cilia before the origin of bilateria and TRP channels before the origin of animals. We demonstrated that some of the candidates not previously implicated in ciliary biology localized to cilia and further investigated ENKUR, a TRP channel-interacting protein that we identified in the cilia of all three organisms. In animals, ENKUR is expressed by cells with motile cilia, ENKUR localizes to cilia in diverse organisms and, in both Xenopus laevis and mice, ENKUR is required for patterning the left/right axis. Moreover, mutation of ENKUR causes situs inversus in humans. Thus, proteomic profiling of cilia from diverse eukaryotes defines a conserved ciliary proteome, reveals ancient connections to Hh, GPCR and TRP channel signaling, and uncovers a novel ciliary protein that controls vertebrate development and human disease. such as light and chemical cues such as odors (Bloodgood, 2010; Malicki and Johnson, 2016) . Cilia and the related structures, flagella, are comprised of microtubular cores called axonemes that emanate from basal bodies and are ensheathed by membranes that are compositionally distinct from the contiguous plasma membrane	-16.498741149902344	20.197265625	8
Evolutionary rate shifts suggest species-specific adaptation events in HIV-1 and SIV 6. The process of molecular adaptation following a cross-species virus transmission event is currently poorly understood. Here, we identified protein sites that experienced deceleration in their rate of evolution along the HIV-1/SIV phylogeny, likely indicating gain-of-function and consequent adaptation. The majority of such events occurred in parallel to cross-species transmission events and varied between HIV-1 groups, indicating independent adaptation strategies. The evolutionary rate decelerations we found were particularly prominent in accessory proteins that counteract host antiviral restriction factors, suggesting that these factors are a major barrier to viral adaptation to a new host. Surprisingly, we observed that the non-16 pandemic HIV-1 group O, derived from gorillas, exhibited more rate deceleration events than the pandemic group M, derived from chimpanzees. We suggest that the species barrier is higher when the genetic distance of the hosts increases. Our approach paves the way for subsequent studies on cross-species transfers in other major pathogens.	-3.7829267978668213	8.876093864440918	5
Evolved sequence features within the intrinsically disordered tail influence FtsZ assembly and bacterial cell division. Intrinsically disordered regions (IDRs) challenge the well-established sequence-structurefunction paradigm for describing protein function and evolution. Here, we direct a combination of biophysical and cellular studies to further our understanding of how the intrinsically disordered C-terminal tail of FtsZ contributes to cell division in rod-shaped bacteria. FtsZ is a modular protein that encompasses a conserved GTPase domain and a highly variable intrinsically disordered C-terminal tail (CTT). The CTT is essential for forming the cytokinetic Z-ring. Despite poor sequence conservation of the CTT, the patterning of oppositely charged residues, which refers to the extent of linear mixing / segregation of oppositely charged residues within CTT sequences is bounded within a narrow range. To assess the impact of evolutionary bounds on charge patterning within CTT sequences we performed experiments, aided by sequence design, to quantify the impact of changing the patterning of oppositely charged residues within the CTT on the functions of FtsZ from B. subtilis. Z-ring formation is robust if and only if the extent of linear mixing / segregation of oppositely charged residues within the CTT sequences is within evolutionarily observed bounds. Otherwise, aberrant, CTT-mediated, FtsZ assemblies impair Zring formation. The complexities of CTT sequences also have to be above a threshold value because FtsZ variants with low complexity CTTs are not tolerated in cells. Taken together, our results suggest that CTT sequences have evolved to be "just right" and that this is achieved through an optimal extent of charge patterning while maintaining the sequence complexity above a threshold value.	-10.628512382507324	22.36777687072754	8
Evolving epidemiology of novel coronavirus diseases and possible interruption of local transmission outside Hubei Province in China: a descriptive and modeling study. The COVID-19 epidemic originated in Wuhan City of Hubei Province in December and has spread throughout China. Understanding the fast evolving epidemiology and transmission dynamics of the outbreak beyond Hubei would provide timely information to guide intervention policy. We collected individual information on 8,579 laboratory-confirmed cases from official publically sources reported outside Hubei in mainland China, as of February 17, 2020. We estimated the temporal variation of the demographic characteristics of cases and key time-to-event intervals. We used a Bayesian approach to estimate the dynamics of the net reproduction number (Rt) at the provincial level.	-3.4058103561401367	-28.94582176208496	3
Excess cases of Influenza like illnesses in France synchronous with COVID19 invasion. Pierre-Yves Boëlle and the Sentinelles syndromic and viral surveillance group. Several French regions where COVID19 has been reported currently show a renewed increase in ILI cases in the general practice based Sentinelles network. Here we computed the number of excess cases by region and found correlation with the number of reported COVID19 cases so far. These data suggest larger circulation of SARS-CoV-2 in the French population than apparent from confirmed cases.	3.230299234390259	-21.781143188476562	1
Exchange Protein Directly Activated by cAMP Modulates Ebola Virus Uptake into Vascular Endothelial Cells. Members of the family Filoviridae, including Ebola virus (EBOV) and Marburg virus (MARV), cause severe hemorrhagic fever in humans and nonhuman primates. Given their high lethality, a comprehensive understanding of filoviral pathogenesis is urgently needed. In the present studies, we revealed that the exchange protein directly activated by cAMP (EPAC1) gene deletion protects vasculature in ex vivo explants from EBOV infection. Importantly, pharmacological inhibition of EPAC1 using EPAC-specific inhibitors (ESIs) mimicked the EPAC1 knockout phenotype in the ex vivo model. ESI treatment dramatically decreased EBOV infectivity in both ex vivo vasculature and in vitro vascular endothelial cells (ECs). Furthermore, postexposure protection of ECs against EBOV infection was conferred using ESIs. Protective efficacy of ESIs in ECs was observed also in MARV infection. Additional studies using a vesicular stomatitis virus pseudotype that expresses EBOV glycoprotein (EGP-VSV) confirmed that ESIs reduced infection in ECs. Ultrastructural studies suggested that ESIs blocked EGP-VSV internalization via inhibition of macropinocytosis. The inactivation of EPAC1 affects the early stage of viral entry after viral binding to the cell surface, but before early endosome formation, in a phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase (PI3K)-dependent manner. Our study delineated a new critical role of EPAC1 during EBOV uptake into ECs.	3.9932563304901123	30.371755599975586	0
Existing host range mutations constrain further emergence of RNA viruses. RNA viruses are capable of rapid host shifting, typically due to a point mutation that confers expanded host range. As additional point mutations are necessary for further expansions, epistasis among host range mutations can potentially affect the mutational neighborhood and frequency of niche expansion. We mapped the mutational neighborhood of host range expansion using three genotypes of the dsRNA bacteriophage phi6 (wildtype and two isogenic host range mutants) on the novel host Pseudomonas syringae pv. atrofaciens (PA). Sanger sequencing of fifty PA mutant clones for each genotype and population Illumina sequencing both revealed the same high frequency mutations allowing infection of PA. Wildtype phi6 had at least nine different ways of mutating to enter the novel host, eight of which are in p3 (host attachment protein gene), and 13/50 clones had unchanged p3 genes. However, the two isogenic mutants had dramatically restricted neighborhoods: only one or two mutations, all in p3. Deep sequencing revealed that wildtype clones without mutations in p3 likely had changes in p12 (morphogenic protein), a region that was not polymorphic for the two isogenic host range mutants. Sanger sequencing confirmed that 10/13 of the wildtype phi6 clones had nonsynonymous mutations in p12 and two others had point mutations in p9 and p5 -none of these genes had previously been associated with host range expansion in phi6. We demonstrate, for the first time, epistatic constraint in an RNA virus due to host range mutations themselves, which has implications for models of serial host range expansion. RNA viruses mutate rapidly and frequently expand their host ranges to infect novel hosts, leading to serial host shifts. Using an RNA bacteriophage model system (Pseudomonas phage phi6), we studied the impact of pre-existing host range mutations on another host range expansion. Results from both clonal Sanger and Illumina sequencing show extant host range mutations dramatically narrow the neighborhood of potential host range mutations compared to wildtype phi6. This research suggests that serial host shifting viruses may follow a small number of molecular paths to enter additional novel hosts. We also identified . CC-BY-NC 4.0	-8.254084587097168	14.767537117004395	8
Expanding the size limit of RNA viruses: Evidence of a novel divergent nidovirus in California sea hare, with a ∼ 35.9 kb virus genome. While RNA viruses thrive with massive structural and functional diversity, their genomes size variation is particularly low, ranging only from ∼ 2-to-33 kb. Here, I present the characterization of RNA sequences corresponding to the first virus associated with Aplysia californica. Genome structure and domain architecture suggest that the identified virus is a novel member of Nidovirales. The proposed aplysia californica nido-like virus (AcNV), with a genome sequence of ca.35,906 nt, represents the longest ever recorded RNA virus yet. Phylogenetic insights indicate that AcNV clusters in a major phylloclade of unclassified invertebrate nidoviruses, Roniviridae, and Mesoniviridae. Basal branching in this emerging cluster could indicate that AcNV is a member of a novel divergent clade within Nidovirales. Further, virus RNA detection in multiple independent studies suggests that AcNV is neurotropic with a broad cell/tissue/organ tropism, supported by AcNV occurrence in diverse organs, including the first detection of a Nidovirales in single specific neurons.	-0.7451007962226868	14.847792625427246	10
Experimental infection of dromedaries with Middle East respiratory syndrome-Coronavirus is accompanied by massive ciliary loss and depletion of the cell surface receptor dipeptidyl peptidase OPEN. Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) represents an important respiratory disease accompanied by lethal outcome in one-third of human patients. Recent data indicate that dromedaries represent an important source of infection, although information regarding viral cell tropism and pathogenesis is sparse. In the current study, tissues of eight dromedaries receiving inoculation of MERS-Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) after recombinant Modified-Vaccinia-Virus-Ankara (MVA-S)-vaccination (n = 4), MVAvaccination (mock vaccination, n = 2) and PBS application (mock vaccination, n = 2), respectively, were investigated. Tissues were analyzed by histology, immunohistochemistry, immunofluorescence, and scanning electron microscopy. The acute disease was further accompanied by ciliary loss along with a lack of dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP4), known to mediate virus entry. DPP4 was mainly expressed by human lymphocytes and dromedary monocytes, but overall the expression level was lower in dromedaries. The present study underlines significant species-specific manifestations of MERS and highlights ciliary loss as an important finding in dromedaries. The obtained results promote a better understanding of coronavirus infections, which pose major health challenges. Published: xx xx xxxx OPEN www.nature.com/scientificreports/ SciEntiFic REpORTS | (2018) 8:9778 |	15.803743362426758	25.33789825439453	10
Exploring diseases/traits and blood proteins causally related to expression of ACE2, the putative receptor of 2019-nCov: A Mendelian Randomization analysis. The novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV has caused major outbreaks in many parts of the world. A better understanding of the pathophysiology of COVID-19 is urgently needed. Clinically, it is important to identify who may be susceptible to infection and identify treatments for the disease. There is good evidence that ACE2 is a receptor for 2019-nCoV, and studies also suggested that high expression of ACE2 may increase susceptibility to infection. Here we conducted a phenome-wide Mendelian randomization (MR) study to prioritize diseases/traits and blood proteins that may be causally linked to ACE2 expression in the lung. Expression data was based on GTEx. We also explored drug candidates whose targets overlapped with the top-ranked proteins in MR analysis, as these drugs could potentially alter ACE2 expression and may be clinically relevant. Notably, MR is much less vulnerable to confounding and reverse causality compared to observational studies. The most consistent finding was a tentative causal association between diabetes-related traits and increased ACE2 expression. Based on one of the largest GWAS on type II diabetes (T2DM) to date (N=898,130), we found that T2DM is causally linked to raised ACE2 expression (beta=0.1835, 95% CI 0.0853-0.2817; p=2.49E-4; GSMR method). Significant associations (at nominal level; p<0.05) was also observed across multiple datasets, with different analytic methods, and for both type I and II diabetes. Other diseases/traits having nominal significant associations with increased ACE2 included inflammatory bowel disease, (ER+) breast and lung cancers, asthma, smoking and elevated ALT, among others. We also uncovered a number of plasma/serum proteins potentially linked to altered ACE2 expression, and the top enriched pathways included cytokine-cytokine-receptor interaction, VEGF signaling, JAK-STAT signaling etc. We also explored drugs that target some of the top-ranked proteins in the MR analysis.	-13.520195007324219	6.433157444000244	11
Expression of 9-O-and 7,9-O-acetyl modified sialic acid in cells and their effects on influenza viruses 7. word count: 224/250 Text word count: 5136/5000 Sialic acids (Sia) are widely displayed on the surfaces of cells and tissues. Sia come in a variety of chemically modified forms, including those with acetyl modifications at the C7, C8, and C9 positions. Here, we analyzed the distribution and amounts of these acetyl modifications in different human and canine cells. As Sia or their variant forms are receptors for influenza A and influenza C viruses, we examined the effects of these modifications on virus infections. We confirmed that 9-O-acetyl and 7,9-O-acetyl modified Sia are widely but variably expressed across cell lines from both humans and canines. While they were expressed on the cell surface of canine MDCK cell lines, they were located primarily within the Golgi compartment of human HEK-293 and A549 cells. The O-acetyl modified Sia were expressed at low levels of 1-2% of total Sia in these cell lines. We knocked out and over-expressed the sialate O-acetyltransferase gene (CasD1), and knocked out the sialate O-acetylesterase gene (SIAE) using CRISPR/Cas9 editing. Knocking out CasD1 removed 7,9-O-and 9-O-acetyl Sia expression, confirming previous reports. However, over-expression of CasD1 and knockout of SIAE gave only modest increases in 9-O-acetyl levels in cells and no change in 7,9-O-acetyl levels, indicating that there are complex regulations of these modifications. These modifications were essential for influenza C infection, but had no obvious effect on influenza A infection.	-8.457902908325195	36.58611297607422	11
Extracellular Vesicles and Their Convergence with Viral Pathways. Extracellular vesicles (microvesicles), such as exosomes and shed microvesicles, contain a variety of molecules including proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. Microvesicles appear mostly to originate from multivesicular bodies or to bud from the plasma membrane. Here, we review the convergence of microvesicle biogenesis and aspects of viral assembly and release pathways. Herpesviruses and retroviruses, amongst others, recruit several elements from the microvesicle biogenesis pathways for functional virus release. In addition, noninfectious pleiotropic virus-like vesicles can be released, containing viral and cellular components. We highlight the heterogeneity of microvesicle function during viral infection, addressing microvesicles that can either block or enhance infection, or cause immune dysregulation through bystander action in the immune system. Finally, endogenous retrovirus and retrotransposon elements deposited in our genomes millions of years ago can be released from cells within microvesicles, suggestive of a viral origin of the microvesicle system or perhaps of an evolutionary conserved system of virus-vesicle codependence. More research is needed to further elucidate the complex function of the various microvesicles produced during viral infection, possibly revealing new therapeutic intervention strategies.	0.6190652251243591	25.442262649536133	12
Far-UVC light: A new tool to control the spread of airborne-mediated microbial diseases 2. Airborne-mediated microbial diseases such as influenza and tuberculosis represent major public health challenges. A direct approach to prevent airborne transmission is inactivation of airborne pathogens, and the airborne antimicrobial potential of UVC ultraviolet light has long been established; however, its widespread use in public settings is limited because conventional UVC light sources are both carcinogenic and cataractogenic. By contrast, we have previously shown that far-UVC light (207-16 nm) efficiently kills bacteria without harm to exposed mammalian skin. This is because, due to its strong absorbance in biological materials, far-UVC light cannot penetrate even the outer (non living) layers of human skin or eye; however, because bacteria and viruses are of micrometer or smaller dimensions, far-UVC can penetrate and inactivate them. We show for the first time that far-UVC	-6.109741687774658	-8.03514289855957	11
Fast assessment of human receptor-binding capability of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). The outbreaks of 2002/2003 SARS, 2012/2015 MERS and 2019/2020 Wuhan respiratory syndrome clearly indicate that genome evolution of an animal coronavirus (CoV) may enable it to acquire human transmission ability, and thereby to cause serious threats to global public health. It is widely accepted that CoV human transmission is driven by the interactions of its spike protein (S-protein) with human receptor on host cell surface; so, quantitative evaluation of these interactions may be used to assess the human transmission capability of CoVs. However, quantitative methods directly using viral genome data are still lacking. Here, we perform large-scale protein-protein docking to quantify the interactions of 2019-nCoV S-protein receptor-binding domain (S-RBD) with human receptor ACE2, based on experimental SARS-CoV S-RBD-ACE2 complex structure. By sampling a large number of thermodynamically probable binding conformations with Monte Carlo algorithm, this approach successfully identified the experimental complex structure as the lowest-energy receptor-binding conformations, and hence established an experiment-based strength reference for evaluating the receptor-binding affinity of 2019-nCoV via comparison with SARS-CoV. Our results show that this binding affinity is about 73% of that of SARS-CoV, supporting that 2019-nCoV may cause human transmission similar to that of SARS-CoV. Thus, this study presents a method for rapidly assessing the human transmission capability of a newly emerged CoV and its mutant strains, and demonstrates that post-genome analysis of protein-protein interactions may provide early scientific guidance for viral prevention and control.	9.73841667175293	13.5300874710083	4
FastViromeExplorer: A Pipeline for Virus and Phage Identification and Abundance Profiling in Metagenomics Data. Identifying viruses and phages in a metagenomics sample has important implication in improving human health, preventing viral outbreaks, and developing personalized medicine. With the rapid increase in data files generated by next generation sequencing, existing tools for identifying and annotating viruses and phages in metagenomics samples suffer from expensive running time. In this paper, we developed a standalone pipeline, FastViromeExplorer, for rapid identification and abundance quantification of viruses and phages in big metagenomic data. Both real and simulated data validated FastViromeExplorer as a reliable tool to accurately identify viruses and their abundances in large data, as well as in a time efficient manner.	-7.383444309234619	-1.1292328834533691	6
Feature Selection Methods for Identifying Genetic Determinants of Host Species in RNA Viruses. Despite environmental, social and ecological dependencies, emergence of zoonotic viruses in human populations is clearly also affected by genetic factors which determine cross-species transmission potential. RNA viruses pose an interesting case study given their mutation rates are orders of magnitude higher than any other pathogen -as reflected by the recent emergence of SARS and Influenza for example. Here, we show how feature selection techniques can be used to reliably classify viral sequences by host species, and to identify the crucial minority of host-specific sites in pathogen genomic data. The variability in alleles at those sites can be translated into prediction probabilities that a particular pathogen isolate is adapted to a given host. We illustrate the power of these methods by: 1) identifying the sites explaining SARS coronavirus differences between human, bat and palm civet samples; 2) showing how cross species jumps of rabies virus among bat populations can be readily identified; and 3) de novo identification of likely functional influenza host discriminant markers.	-4.630920886993408	7.17331600189209	5
Figure Virucidal activity of WHO formulations I (85 % ethanol) and II (75 % 2-propanol) against SARS-CoV-2. WHO formulations I (A) and II (B) were tested for their efficacy in inactivating SARS-CoV-2. The concentrations of the WHO formulations ranged from % to Efficient inactivation of SARS-CoV-2 by WHO-recommended hand rub formulations and alcohols 2. % with an exposure time of seconds. Viral titers are displayed as % tissue culture infectious dose (TCID /mL) values. Cytotoxic effects are displayed as dashed bars are and were calculated analogous to virus infectivity. RFs are included above the bar. The mean of two -three independent experiments with standard deviation are shown. LLOQ: lower limit of quantification. Top inserts: Regression analysis of the inactivation of SARS-CoV-2, bovine CoV (BCoV), SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV by WHO formulation I (A) and II (B). Depicted is the percentage of inactivation at different concentrations.	-15.450922966003418	12.720446586608887	4
FilmArray Respiratory Panel Integrated in a field Point Of Care dispositive for the diagnosis of respiratory tract infections in rural areas in Senegal Senegal. The development of molecular syndrome-based kits for the diagnosis of respiratory infections offers rapid and sensitive detection of common respiratory pathogens and will have a significant impact on the care of patients. In this study, we present the results obtained after the introduction of the FilmArray respiratory panel in a field Point of care (POC) for the diagnosis of virus and bacteria responsible of respiratory tract infections in Senegal rural area.	4.940998077392578	-8.84112548828125	7
Findings: Of the cases (108 men and women) , (41%) had exposure to Wuhan. The median age was years ( range,2-88 years;IQR,35-58.5). Thirty-three severe patients with a median age of years(range,33-82 years,IQR, 57-76) were treated in intensive care units; out of these patients, 66.7 %(22) were men and (57.5%) had chronic diseases, including hypertension, diabetes, heart failure, stroke, and renal insufficiency. Under the controlled measures, the number of new patients gradually decreased and nearly disappeared after days. Interpretation: All people are susceptible to the COVID-19, but older males and those with comorbid conditions are more likely to have severe symptoms. Even though COVID-19 is highly contagious, control measures have proven to be very effective.	17.858562469482422	-18.8397216796875	9
First isolation and characterisation of Alongshan virus in Russia. In recent decades, many new flavi-like viruses have been discovered predominantly in different invertebrates and, as was recently shown, some of them may cause disease in humans. The Jingmen tick virus (JMTV) group holds a special place among flavi-like viruses because, in contrast to the "classic" flaviviruses and other flavi-like viruses, they have a segmented ssRNA(+) genome. Two segments of the JMTV genome have homology with regions of the flavivirus genome encoding polymerase and helicase-protease proteins. JMTVs have several open reading frames (ORF) in segments encoding glycoprotein(s) and capsid protein and these ORF are specific only to them. JMTVs greatly differ in virion size. We isolated three strains of Alongshan virus (ALSV), which is a representative of the JMTV group, from adult Ixodes persulcatus ticks collected in two geographically-separated Russian regions in the tick cell line IRE/CTVM19. One of the strains persisted in the IRE/CTVM19 cells without cytopathic effect for three years. Most virions purified from tick cells were spherical with a diameter of approximately 40.5 nm. In addition, we found smaller particles of approximately 13.1 nm in diameter. We obtained full genome sequences of all four segments of two of the isolated ALSV strains, and partial sequences of one segment from the third strain. Phylogenetic analysis on genome segment of the JMTV group clustered our novel strains with other ALSV strains. We found evidence for the existence of a novel upstream ORF in the glycoprotein-coding segment of ALSV and other members of the JMTV group. Significance Statement We isolated three strains of Alongshan virus (ALSV) from adult Ixodes persulcatus ticks from two geographically separate areas of Russia in the Ixodes ricinus tick cell line IRE/CTVM19. One of the strains persisted in the IRE/CTVM19 cells without cytopathic effect for three years. Our study confirmed the value of tick cell lines in virus isolation and maintenance of persistent infection. The majority of virions of the ALSV strain Miass527 were enveloped spherical particles with a diameter of 40.5±3.7 nm. We found evidence for the existence of a novel upstream ORF in the glycoprotein-coding segment of ALSV and other members of the Jingmen tick virus group.	14.84484577178955	4.094943523406982	10
Forecasting the Wuhan coronavirus (2019-nCoV) epidemics using a simple (simplistic) model. Confirmed infection cases in mainland China were analyzed using the data up to January 28, (first days of reliable confirmed cases). For the first period the cumulative number of cases followed an exponential function. However, from January 28, we discerned a downward deviation from the exponential growth. This slower-than-exponential growth was also confirmed by a steady decline of the effective reproduction number. A backtrend analysis suggested the original basic reproduction number R0 to be about 2.4 to 2.5. As data become available, we subsequently analyzed them during three consecutive periods obtaining a sequence of model predictions. All available data up were processed the same way. We used a simple logistic growth model that fitted very well with all data. Using this model and the three sets of data, we estimated maximum cases as about 21,000, 28,000 and 35,000 cases refining these predictions in near-real time. With slightly different approach (linearization in time) the estimate of maximum cases was even higher (about 65,000). Although the estimates of maximum cases increase as more data were reported all models show reaching a peak in mid-February in contrast to the unconfined exponential growth. These predictions do not account for any possible other secondary sources of infection.	-8.96276569366455	-22.759408950805664	3
Fractal kinetics of COVID-19 pandemic (with update 3/1/20). We give an update to the original paper posted on 2/17/20 -now (as of 3/1/20) the China deaths are rapidly decreasing, and we find an exponential decline to the power law similar to the that predicted by the network model of Vazquez [2006]. At the same time, we see non-China deaths increasing rapidly, and similar to the early behavior of the China statistics. Thus, we see three stages of the spread of the disease in terms of number of deaths: exponential growth, power-law behavior, and then exponential decline in the daily rate. (Original abstract) The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to grow rapidly in China and is spreading in other parts of the world. The classic epidemiological approach in studying this growth is to quantify a reproduction number and infection time, and this is the approach followed by many studies on the epidemiology of this disease. However, this assumption leads to exponential growth, and while the growth rate is high, it is not following exponential behavior. One approach that is being used is to simply keep adjusting the reproduction number to match the dynamics. Other approaches use rate equations such as the SEIR and logistical models. Here we show that the current growth closely follows power-law kinetics, indicative of an underlying fractal or small-world network of connections between susceptible and infected individuals. Positive deviations from this growth law might indicate either a failure of the current containment efforts while negative deviations might indicate the beginnings of the end of the pandemic. We cannot predict the ultimate extent of the pandemic but can get an estimate of the growth of the disease.	-10.743616104125977	-19.73249053955078	5
Freshwater monitoring by nanopore sequencing. Clean freshwater lies at the heart of human society and monitoring its quality is paramount. In addition to chemical controls, traditional microbiological water tests focus on the detection of specific bacterial pathogens. The direct tracing of all aquatic DNA poses a more profound alternative. Yet, this has hitherto been underused due to challenges in cost and logistics. Here we present a simple, fast, inexpensive and comprehensive freshwater diagnostics workflow centred around portable nanopore DNA sequencing. Using defined bacterial compositions and spatiotemporal microbiota from surface water of an example river in Cambridge (UK), our study shows how nanopore sequencing can be readily integrated for the assessment of aquatic bacterial diversity and pollution. We provide a computational benchmark that features more than ten taxonomic classification tools to derive guidelines for bacterial DNA analyses with nanopore data. Through complementary physicochemical measurements, we find that nanopore metagenomics can depict fine temporal gradients along the main hydrological axis of an urban-rural interface and yield high-resolution pathogen maps that address concerns of public health.	-6.750586986541748	-2.7691478729248047	6
Full-Length Genome Sequence of Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus Strain CH/GX/2015/750A. We report here the complete genome sequence of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) strain CH/GX/2015/750A (750A), which was isolated from a suckling piglet with watery diarrhea in Guangxi, China. The isolate is genetically close to other recent Chinese variant PEDVs and distinct from the classical PEDVs.	13.181756973266602	5.128003120422363	1
G-quadruplex forming sequences in the genome of all known human viruses: a comprehensive guide Running title: Presence and conservation of G4s in human viruses. G-quadruplexes are non-canonical nucleic acid structures that control transcription, replication, and recombination in organisms. G-quadruplexes are present in eukaryotes, prokaryotes, and viruses. In the latter, mounting evidence indicates their key biological activity. Since data on viruses are scattered, we here present a comprehensive analysis of putative G-quadruplexes in the genome of all known viruses that can infect humans. We show that the presence, distribution, and location of G-quadruplexes are features characteristic of each virus class and family. Our statistical analysis proves that their presence within the viral genome is orderly arranged, as indicated by the possibility to correctly assign up to two-thirds of viruses to their exact class based on the G-quadruplex classification. For each virus we provide: i) the list of all G-quadruplexes formed by GG-, GGG-and GGGG-islands present in the genome (positive and negative strands), ii) their position in the viral genome along with the known function of that region, iii) the degree of conservation among strains of each G-quadruplex in its genome context, iv) the statistical significance of G-quadruplex formation. This information is accessible from a database	-3.9417803287506104	15.871527671813965	8
G-quadruplex stabilization in the ions and maltose transporters inhibit Salmonella enterica growth and virulence. The G-quadruplex structure forming motifs have recently emerged as a novel therapeutic drug target in various human pathogens. Herein, we report three highly conserved G-quadruplex motifs (SE-PGQ -1, 2, and3) in genome of all the strains of Salmonella enterica. Bioinformatics analysis inferred the presence of SE-PGQ-1 in the regulatory region of mgtA, presence of SE-PGQ-2 in the open reading frame of entA and presence of SE-PGQ-3 in the promoter region of malE and malK genes. The products of mgtA and entA are involved in transport and homeostasis of Mg 2+ and Fe 3+ ion and thereby required for bacterial survival in the presence of reactive nitrogen/oxygen species produced by the host macrophages, whereas, malK and malE genes are involved in transport of maltose sugar, that is one of the major carbon source in the gastrointestinal tract of human. The formation of stable intramolecular G-quadruplex structures by SE-PGQs was confirmed by employing CD, EMSA and NMR spectroscopy. Cellular studies revealed the inhibitory effect of 9-amino acridine on Salmonella enterica growth. Next, CD melting analysis demonstrated the stabilizing effect of 9-amino acridine on SE-PGQs. Further, polymerase inhibition and RT-qPCR assays emphasize the biological relevance of predicted G-quadruplex in the expression of PGQ possessing genes and demonstrate the G-quadruplexes as a potential drug target for the devolping novel therapeutics for combating Salmonella enterica infection.	-3.0484697818756104	24.606739044189453	11
GPI-anchored single chain Fv -an effective way to capture transiently-exposed neutralization epitopes on HIV-1 envelope spike. Background: Identification of broad neutralization epitopes in HIV-1 envelope spikes is paramount for HIV-1 vaccine development. A few broad neutralization epitopes identified so far are present on the surface of native HIV-1 envelope spikes whose recognition by antibodies does not depend on conformational changes of the envelope spikes. However, HIV-1 envelope spikes also contain transiently-exposed neutralization epitopes, which are more difficult to identify. Results: In this study, we constructed single chain Fvs (scFvs) derived from seven human monoclonal antibodies and genetically linked them with or without a glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol (GPI) attachment signal. We show that with a GPI attachment signal the scFvs are targeted to lipid rafts of plasma membranes. In addition, we demonstrate that four of the GPI-anchored scFvs, but not their secreted counterparts, neutralize HIV-1 with various degrees of breadth and potency. Among them, GPI-anchored scFv (X5) exhibits extremely potent and broad neutralization activity against multiple clades of HIV-1 strains tested. Moreover, we show that GPI-anchored scFv (4E10) also exhibited more potent neutralization activity than its secretory counterpart. Finally, we demonstrate that expression of GPI-anchored scFv (X5) in the lipid raft of plasma membrane of human CD4 + T cells confers longterm resistance to HIV-1 infection, HIV-1 envelope-mediated cell-cell fusion, and the infection of HIV-1 captured and transferred by human DCs. Conclusions: Thus GPI-anchored scFv could be used as a general and effective way to identify antibodies that react with transiently-exposed neutralization epitopes in envelope proteins of HIV-1 and other enveloped viruses. The GPI-anchored scFv (X5), because of its breadth and potency, should have a great potential to be developed into anti-viral agent for HIV-1 prevention and therapy.	17.47014045715332	20.78421401977539	12
Gender differences in patients with COVID-19: Focus on severity and mortality. medRxiv preprint Question: Are men more susceptible to getting and dying from Findings: In the case series, men tend to be more serious than women. In the public data set, the percentage of men were higher in the deceased group than in the survived group, although age was comparable between men and women. Meaning: Male gender is a risk factor for worse outcome in patients with COVID independent of age and susceptibility. Importance: The recent outbreak of Novel Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) Disease has put the world on alert, that is reminiscent of the SARS outbreak seventeen years ago. Objective: We aim to compare the severity and mortality between male and female patients with both COVID-19 and SARS, to explore the most useful prognostic factors for individualized assessment. Design, Setting, and Participants: We extracted the data from a case series of hospitalized patients we treated, a public data set of the first cases died of COVID-19 in Wuhan city and survived patients from six cities in China. We also analyzed the data of patients with SARS, including deaths, from Beijing city in early 2003. Main Outcomes and Measures: Severity and mortality. Results: Older age and high number of comorbidities were associated with higher severity and mortality in patients with both COVID-19 and SARS. The percentages of older age (≥65 years) were much higher in the deceased group than in the survived group in patients with both COVID-19 (83.8 vs. 13.2, P<0.001) and SARS (37.4 vs. 4.9, P<0.001). In the case series, men tend to be more serious than women (P=0.035), although age was comparable between men and women. In the public data set, age was also comparable between men and women in the deceased group or the survived group in patients with COVID-19. Meanwhile, gender distribution was exactly symmetrical in the survivors of COVID-19. However, the percentage of male were higher in the deceased group than in the survived group (70.3 vs. 50.0, P=0.015). The gender role in mortality was also observed in SARS patients. Survival analysis showed that men (hazard ratio [95% CI] 1.47 [1.05-2.06, P= 0.025) had a . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . significantly higher mortality rate than women in patients with SARS. Older age and male gender are risk factors for worse outcome in patients with COVID. While men and women have the same susceptibility to both SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV, men may be more prone to have higher severity and mortality independent of age and susceptibility.	16.42754364013672	-21.40233612060547	9
Gene Variations in Cis-Acting Elements between the Taiwan and Prototype Strains of Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus Alter Viral Gene Expression. In 2013, the outbreak of porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED) in Taiwan caused serious economic losses. In this study, we examined whether the variations of the cis-acting elements between the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) Taiwan (TW) strain and the prototype strain CV777 alter gene expression. For this aim, we analyzed the variations of the cis-acting elements in the and untranslated regions (UTRs) between the PEDV TW, CV777, and other reference strains. We also determined the previously unidentified transcription regulatory sequence (TRS), a sequence motif required for coronavirus transcription, and found that a nucleotide deletion in the TW strain, in comparison with CV777 strain, immediately downstream of the leader core sequence alters the identity between the leader TRS and the body TRS. Functional analyses using coronavirus defective interfering (DI) RNA revealed that such variations in cis-acting elements for the TW strain compared with the CV777 strain have an influence on the efficiency of gene expression. The current data show for the first time the evolution of PEDV in terms of cis-acting elements and their effects on gene expression, and thus may contribute to our understanding of recent PED outbreaks worldwide. Genes 2018, 9, of upstream of each ORF in the -proximal genome region [5] . An upstream open reading frame (uORF) located in the UTR of coronaviruses has been shown to be important for virus fitness [6] . Analyses of Alphacoronavirus UTRs have revealed four conserved RNA secondary structures, including stem-loops (SLs) 1, 2, 4, and 5, which are also conserved for Betacoronavirus [4, 7] . Moreover, studies in Betacoronavirus have determined a requirement of these secondary structures for coronaviral RNA synthesis [8] . RNA structures and their functions in coronaviral RNA synthesis and pathogenesis have also been identified in Betacoronavirus UTRs, including the -most bulged stem-loop (BSL) [9,10], hair-pin pseudoknot (PK) [11] , and -most hypervariable region (HVR) [12] . However, structural analyses by Madhugiri et al. have suggested the absence of a BSL equivalent in Alphacoronavirus [4]. Both Alphacoronavirus and Betacoronavirus contain the conserved octanucleotide sequence -GGAAGAGC-3 within the HVR [4]. Synthesis of sgmRNA in coronaviruses requires a conserved TRS sequence motif, which is located at the end of the leader sequence (TRS-L) and precedes each proximal gene (TRS-B) . The TRS contains a conserved sequence (CS) flanked by variable sequences at its (5 TRS) and (3 TRS) ends [5, 13] . During negative-strand sgmRNA synthesis, coronaviral polymerase along with negative-strand sgmRNA attenuates at the TRS-B, switches the template to the TRS-L, as guided by basepairing between the TRS-B and TRS-L, and then resumes to complete synthesis by copying the leader sequence [14, 15] . In comparison with the TRS, the TRS has a more decisive influence on sgmRNA synthesis [16, 17] . It has been proposed that a one-nucleotide (nt) (A) deletion immediately downstream of the CS-L may influence PEDV sgmRNA synthesis [3, 18, 19] , though an in-depth examination to support this hypothesis has not been conducted. The PEDV prototype strain CV777 was first identified in 1978, and suckling piglets infected with this strain exhibited only mild diarrhea [20] [21] [22] . In 2013, the sudden appearance of porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED) with more severe diarrhea in the USA and a subsequent reoccurrence in Asian countries including Taiwan caused serious economic losses [3, 23, 24] . PED has since been one of the most devastating swine diseases worldwide. With such outbreaks, a crucial question is whether the pathogenicity of PEDV has been altered, leading to serious disease outbreaks. Because the coronavirus spike (S) protein interacts with a cellular receptor during virus entry [25, 26] and functions by inducing neutralizing antibodies in the natural host [27] [28] [29] , many studies have focused on a sequence comparison of the S protein between emergent or re-emergent PEDV strains and the prototype strain CV777 to seek a possible answer for PED outbreaks [18, 24, 30, 31] . In addition to S protein, whether other factors play roles in the outbreak remain to be elucidated. The evolution of cis-acting elements in PEDV has not been previously analyzed. In this study, we determined whether the cis-acting elements that are required for gene expression are altered in the PEDV Taiwan (TW) strain in comparison with those of the PEDV prototype strain CV777. Functional analyses were also performed to determine whether the identified variations in cis-acting elements between the two strains alter the efficiency of translation, replication (genomic RNA synthesis), and transcription (sgmRNA synthesis) of the virus. The results may extend our understanding for the recent PED outbreaks in Taiwan and other countries. Materials and Methods Fecal and intestinal samples were collected from the Animal Disease	-0.22151228785514832	20.111228942871094	12
Gene birth contributes to structural disorder encoded by overlapping genes. The same nucleotide sequence can encode two protein products in different reading frames. Overlapping gene regions encode higher levels of intrinsic structural disorder (ISD) than non-overlapping genes (39% vs. 25% in our viral dataset). This might be because of the intrinsic properties of the genetic code, because one member per pair was recently born de novo in a process that favors high ISD, or because high ISD relieves increased evolutionary constraint imposed by dual-coding. Here we quantify the relative contributions of these three alternative hypotheses. We estimate that the recency of de novo gene birth explains 32% or more of the elevation in ISD in overlapping regions of viral genes. While the two reading frames within a same-strand overlapping gene pair have markedly different ISD tendencies that must be controlled for, their effects cancel out to make no net contribution to ISD. The remaining elevation of ISD in the older members of overlapping gene pairs, presumed due to the need to alleviate evolutionary constraint, was already present prior to the origin of the overlap. Same-strand overlapping gene birth events can occur in two different frames, favoring high ISD either in the ancestral gene or in the novel gene; surprisingly, most de novo gene birth events contained completely within the body of an ancestral gene favor high ISD in the ancestral gene (23 phylogenetically independent events vs. 1). This can be explained by mutation bias favoring the frame with more start codons and fewer stop codons.	-10.413570404052734	10.39885139465332	8
Genetic Analysis of Avian Coronavirus Infectious Bronchitis Virus in Yellow Chickens in Southern China over the Past Decade: Revealing the Changes of Genetic Diversity, Dominant Genotypes, and Selection Pressure. The high mutation rates of infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) pose economic threats to the poultry industry. In order to track the genetic evolutionary of IBV isolates circulating in yellow chickens, we continued to conduct the genetic analyses of the structural genes S1, E, M, and N from IBV isolates in southern China during 2009-2017. The results showed that the dominant genotypes based on the four genes had changed when compared with those during 1985-2008. Based on the S1 gene phylogenetic tree, LX4-type (GI-19) was the most dominant genotype, which was different from that during 1985-2008. The second most dominant genotype was LDT3-A-type, but this genotype disappeared after 2012. New-type (GVI-1) isolates showed increasing tendency and there were four aa (QKEP) located in the hypervariable region (HVR) III and one aa (S) insertion in all the New-type isolates. Both the analyses of amino acid entropy and molecular evolutionary rate revealed that the variations from large to small were S1, E, M, and N. Purifying selection was detected in the S1, E, M, and N gene proteins, which was different from the positive selection during 1985-2008. Six isolates were confirmed to be recombinants, possibly generated from a vaccine virus of the 4/91-type or LDT3-A-type and a circulating virus. The estimated times for the most recent common ancestors based on the S1, E, M, and N genes were the years of 1744, 1893, 1940, and 1945, respectively. Bayesian skyline analysis revealed a sharp decrease in genetic diversity of all the four structural genes after and since late 2015, the viral population rapidly rose. In conclusion, the IBVs circulating in southern China over the past decade have experienced a remarkable change in genetic diversity, dominant genotypes, and selection pressure, indicating the importance of permanent monitoring of circulating strains and the urgency for developing new vaccines to counteract the emerging LX4-type and New-type IBVs.	16.996742248535156	3.175642728805542	10
Genetic Diversity of Spike, 3a, 3b and E Genes of Infectious Bronchitis Viruses and Emergence of New Recombinants in Korea. The nucleotide sequences of a region including S1, S2, 3a, 3b and E genes of twenty-seven infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) isolates in Korea between 1990-2011 were determined and phylogenetic and computational recombination analyses were conducted. The sizes of coding regions of some genes varied among IBV isolates due to deletion or insertion of nucleotides; the nucleotide similarities of S1, S2, 3a, 3b and E genes among the isolates were 75.9%-100.0%, 85%-100.0%, 64.0%-100.0%, 60.4%-100.0% and 83.1%-100.0%, respectively. According to phylogenetic analysis of S1 gene, the isolates were divided into five genotypes, Mass, Korean-I (K-I), QX-like, KM91-like and New cluster 1. The phylogenetic trees based on the S2, 3a, 3b, E genes and S1-S2-3a-3b-E Viruses 2013, (S1-E) region nucleotide sequences did not closely follow the clustering based on the S1 sequence. The New cluster prevalent during and was not found in but QX-like viruses became prevalent in 2011. The recombination analysis revealed two new S gene recombinants, and which might have been derived from recombinations between the New cluster and QX-like viruses and between the K-I and H120 (vaccine) viruses, respectively. In conclusion, multiple IBV genotypes have co-circulated; QX-like viruses have recurred and new recombinants have emerged in Korea. This has enriched molecular epidemiology information of IBV and is useful for the control of IB in Korea.	16.93402862548828	3.874660015106201	4
Genetic control of the HDL proteome. High-density lipoproteins (HDL) are nanoparticles with >80 associated proteins, phospholipids, cholesterol and cholesteryl esters. A comprehensive genetic analysis of the regulation of proteome of HDL isolated from a panel of diverse inbred strains of mice, Hybrid Mouse Diversity Panel (HMDP), revealed widely varied HDL protein levels across the strains. Some of this variation was explained by local, cis-acting regulation, termed cis-protein quantitative trait loci. Variations in apolipoprotein A-II and apolipoprotein C-3 affected the abundance of multiple HDL proteins indicating a coordinated regulation. We identified modules of co-varying proteins and define a protein-protein interaction network describing the protein composition of the naturally occurring subspecies of HDL in mice. Sterol efflux capacity varied up to 3-fold across the strains and HDL proteins displayed distinct correlation patterns with macrophage and ABCA1 specific cholesterol efflux capacity and cholesterol exchange, suggesting that subspecies of HDL participate in discrete functions. The baseline and stimulated sterol efflux capacity phenotypes associated with distinct QTLs with smaller effect size suggesting a multi genetic regulation. Our results highlight the complexity of HDL particles by revealing high degree of heterogeneity and intercorrelation, some of which is associated with functional variation, supporting the concept that HDL-cholesterol alone is not an accurate measure of HDL's properties such as protection against CAD.	7.872810363769531	27.105239868164062	11
Genome-wide Prediction of microRNAs in Zika virus Genomes Reveals Possible Interactions with Human Genes Involved in the Nervous System Development. Zika virus (ZIKV) is a member of the family Flaviviridae. In 2015, ZIKV triggered a large epidemic in Brazil and spread across Latin America. In November of that year, the Brazilian Ministry of Health reported a 20-fold increase in cases of neonatal microcephaly, which corresponds geographically and temporally to the ZIKV outbreak. ZIKV was isolated from the brain tissue of a fetus diagnosed with microcephaly, and recent studies in mice models revealed that ZIKV infection may cause brain defects by influencing brain cell developments. Unfortunately, the mechanisms by which ZIKV alters neurophysiological development remain unknown. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that regulate post-transcriptional gene expression by translational repression. In order to gain insight into the possible role of ZIKV-mediated miRNA signaling dysfunction in brain-tissue development, we computationally predicted new miRNAs encoded by the ZIKV genome and their effective hybridization with transcripts from human genes previously shown to be involved in microcephalia. The results of these studies suggest a possible role of these miRNAs on the expression of human genes associated with this disease. Besides, a new ZIKV miRNA was predicted in the 3'stem loop (3' SL) of the 3'untranslated region (3'UTR) of the ZIKV genome, suggesting the role of the 3'UTR of flaviviruses as a source of miRNAs. February st , [8]. ZIKV was detected by electron microscopy and RT-qPCR in brains and amniotic fluid of microcephalic fetuses, strengthening the causal link between ZIKV and increased incidence of microcephaly [9, 10] . Furthermore, recent studies show that ZIKV can infect human iPSC-derived neural progenitor cells (NPCs) in vitro, resulting in dysregulation of cell-cycle-related pathways and increased cell death [11] . The development of animal models permits to begin to understand the underlying pathology of ZIKV infection [12, 13] . Modeling ZIKV infection in mice revealed direct effects of ZIKV on neural precursor cells development, including proliferation, differentiation and cell death, which may link ZIKV with the development of microcephaly [14] .	11.84585189819336	30.031187057495117	10
Genomic Loads and Genotypes of Respiratory Syncytial Virus: Viral Factors during Lower Respiratory Tract Infection in Chilean Hospitalized Infants. The clinical impact of viral factors (types and viral loads) during respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection is still controversial, especially regarding newly described genotypes. In this study, infants with RSV bronchiolitis were recruited to describe the association of these viral factors with severity of infection. RSV antigenic types, genotypes, and viral loads were determined from hospitalized patients at Hospital Roberto del Río, Santiago, Chile. Cases were characterized by demographic and clinical information, including days of lower respiratory symptoms and severity. A total of patients were included: moderate and severe cases. During 2013, RSV-A was dominant (86%). RSV-B predominated in (92%). Phylogenetic analyses revealed circulation of GA2, Buenos Aires (BA), and Ontario (ON) genotypes. No association was observed between severity of infection and RSV group (p = 0.69) or genotype (p = 0.87). After a clinical categorization of duration of illness, higher RSV genomic loads were detected in infants evaluated earlier in their disease (p < 0.001) and also in infants evaluated later, but coursing a more severe infection (p = 0.04). Although types and genotypes did not associate with severity in our children, higher RSV genomic loads and delayed viral clearance in severe patients define a group that might benefit from new antiviral therapies.	15.768342971801758	-11.304930686950684	7
Genotypic diversity, circulation patterns, and co-detections among rhinoviruses in Queensland, 2001. Rhinoviruses (RVs) occur more frequently than other viruses and more often in people displaying symptoms than in those without. RVs exacerbate chronic airway disease and confound the clinical diagnosis of influenza-like illness. We sought to estimate the spectrum of RV diversity, RV species seasonality and to breakdown RV involvement in respiratory virus co-detections by comprehensive molecular testing of a convenience collection of airway sample extracts from patients with suspected respiratory infections, collected during 2001. RVs were the most common virus detected. We were able to genotype ~90% of RV detections, identifying distinct RVs, spanning all three species. RV-Bs were underrepresented. We found RV species co-circulated at times, although one species usually dominated. Each species displayed a bimodal distribution. Notably, RVs and influenza A viruses (IFAV) seldom co-occurred, supporting their roles as primary pathogens of the airway among acutely ill infants. Whether RV circulation has a moderating or controlling effect on the IFAV season or is controlled by it cannot be determined from these data. Despite the frequent perception that RVs commonly co-occur with another virus, our findings indicated this was not the case. Nearly 80% of RV detections occurred alone. Understanding more about population-level interference between viruses may allow us to harness aspects of it to generate a non-specific antiviral intervention that mimics a putative protective effect. For routine respiratory virus screening to best serve the patient, RV testing should be a principal component of any acute respiratory illness testing algorithm throughout the year.	14.966070175170898	-4.26436710357666	7
Geometric coupling of helicoidal ramps and curvature-inducing proteins in organelle membranes. Cellular membranes display an incredibly diverse range of shapes, both in the plasma membrane and at membrane bound organelles. These morphologies are intricately related to cellular functions, enabling and regulating fundamental membrane processes. However, the biophysical mechanisms at the origin of these complex geometries are not fully understood from the standpoint of membrane-protein coupling. In this work, we focused on a minimal model of helicoidal ramps representative of specialized endoplasmic reticulum compartments. Given a helicoidal membrane geometry, we asked what is the distribution of spontaneous curvature required to maintain this shape at mechanical equilibrium? Based on the Helfrich energy of elastic membranes with spontaneous curvature, we derived the shape equation for minimal surfaces, and applied it to helicoids. We showed the existence of switches in the sign of the spontaneous curvature associated with geometric variations of the membrane structures. Furthermore, for a prescribed gradient of spontaneous curvature along the exterior boundaries, we identified configurations of the helicoidal ramps that are confined between two infinitely large energy barriers. Overall our results suggest possible mechanisms for geometric control of helicoidal ramps in membrane organelles based on curvatureinducing proteins.	-13.58505630493164	22.534669876098633	8
Getting to zero quickly in the 2019-nCov epidemic with vaccines or rapid testing. Any plan for stopping the ongoing 2019-nCov epidemic must be based on a quantitative understanding of the proportion of the at-risk population that needs to be protected by effective control measures in order for transmission to decline sufficiently and quickly enough for the epidemic to end. Using an SEIR-type transmission model, we contrasted two alternate strategies by modeling the proportion of the population that needs to be protected from infection by onetime vaccination (assuming 100% effectiveness) or by testing with isolation and treatment of individuals within six, 24, or hours of symptom onset. If R is currently 2.2, vaccination at the herd immunity coverage of 55% would drive R just below 1, but transmission could persist for years. Over 80% of coverage is required to end the epidemic in months with population-wide vaccination. The epidemic could be ended in just under a year if testing with isolation and treatment reached 80% of symptomatically infected patients within hours of symptom onset (assuming 10% asymptomatic transmission). The epidemic could be ended in six months if testing with isolation and treatment reached 90% of symptomatic patients. If 90% of symptomatic patients could be tested within six hours of symptoms appearing, the epidemic could be ended in under four months.	-16.829118728637695	-22.62303352355957	2
Global dynamics of a general vector-borne disease model with two. transmission routes Sk Shahid Nadim a , Indrajit Ghosh 1a , Joydev Chattopadhyay a Abstract In this paper, we study the dynamics of a vector-borne disease model with two transmission paths: direct transmission through contact and indirect transmission through vector. The direct transmission is considered to be a non-monotone incidence function to describe the psychological effect of some severe diseases among the population when the number of infected hosts is large and/or the disease possesses high case fatality rate. The system has a disease-free equilibrium which is locally asymptomatically stable when the basic reproduction number (R ) is less than unity and may have up to four endemic equilibria. Analytical expression representing the epidemic growth rate is obtained for the system. Sensitivity of the two transmission pathways were compared with respect to the epidemic growth rate. We numerically find that the direct transmission coefficient is more sensitive than the indirect transmission coefficient with respect to R and the epidemic growth rate. Local stability of endemic equilibria is studied. Further, the global asymptotic stability of the endemic equilibrium is proved using Li and Muldowney geometric approach. The explicit condition for which the system undergoes backward bifurcation is obtained. The basic model also exhibits the hysteresis phenomenon which implies diseases will persist even when R < although the system undergoes a forward bifurcation and this phenomenon is rarely observed in disease models. Consequently, our analysis suggests that the diseases with multiple transmission routes exhibit bi-stable dynamics. However, efficient application of temporary control in bi-stable regions will curb the disease to lower endemicity. In addition, increase in transmission heterogeneity will increase the chance of disease eradication. directly by person-to-person contact and indirectly through a vector. Understanding the transmission dynamics of such diseases is of utmost interest. Mathematical models of epidemic diseases have been very insightful in uncovering epidemiology and transmission patterns of the diseases. It is very important to understand such epidemic patterns for better public health interventions and control of outbreaks. Another important objective of these models is to inform public health organizations about the effect of control policies on a certain population. However, hosts behaviour and psychological factors are some-18 times the main drivers of further transmission of the disease. For example, the epidemic outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) (3; 4) had such psychological effects and individual protection doi: bioRxiv preprint However, the dynamics of an epidemic model with two transmission routes where the direct trans-33 mission incorporates psychological effect has not been studied so far. The ongoing MERS-CoV epidemic and zika virus epidemic are examples of diseases with two routes of transmission having psychological effects. The psychosocial implication on the disease outbreak is more dangerous than any other phys-36 ical effect. West Nile Virus outbreak in the US is a good example for the onset of psychogenic illness (10) and may generate mistrust towards national or health authorities. For example, the mild effects of Zika virus, there is a correlation between psychosis with fetus microcephaly where pregnant women and their relatives are highly sensitive group. Therefore, there is a negative correlation between the psychological effect and disease prevalence and hence we consider non-monotone incidence function i.e p < q to describe the direct transmission between hosts in our study. This type of function can be used to interpret the "psychological effects" (11). We use the incidence rate g(I)S = βIS 1+αI where βI repre-43 sent the force of infection of the diseases, 1+αI represent the psychological effect from the behavioral changes of susceptible population when the number of infected populations increases. Our goal is to develop a simple mathematical model that capture a range of disease dynamics with multiple mode of transmissions. Moreover, we would like to perform a detailed stability and bifurcation analysis of the proposed model. By using analytical methods we intend to uncover the dynamical properties of the diseases with two routes of transmission. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section consist of the model formulation and the basic assumptions. In Section 3, preliminary mathematical analysis of the proposed model is carried out. Section is devoted to the global stability of the endemic equilibrium using geometric approach while in Section backward bifurcation and forward bifurcation with hysteresis effect is presented. In Section we investigate some numerical scenarios such as effect of temporary control on bistable dynamics, effect of the strength of psychological fear and impact of heterogeneity in indirect transmission. Finally, discussion and conclusion is presented in Section 7. Model formulation We consider two population groups as host and vector population. Time-dependent state variables are taken to describe the compartments of the two populations. Let at time t, N h (t) represents total host population and N v (t) represents total vector population. We consider a 'SIR' type model for the host population and a 'SI' type model for the vectors. The host population is subdivided into three mutually disjoint classes: susceptible, S h ; infected, I h ; recovered, R h . Thus, at any time t, the size of the host population is given by N h = S h + I h + R h . The vector population consist of two classes namely, susceptible vectors, S v ; and infected vectors, I v . With this division, the size of the vector population . CC-BY 4.0 The basic reproduction number, R , is the number of secondary infections which one infected indi-102 vidual would produce in a entirely susceptible population. The disease free equilibrium (DFE) of the system is given by Y = ( Π h µ h , 0, 0, Πv µv , 0). There are two infected compartments in the model (2.1), I h and I v . R can be derived from the jacobian matrix of the system (2.1) calculated at Y together with the assumption of local asymptotic stability of Y and is given by	-11.848742485046387	-16.25533103942871	5
Glycosyltransferases promote development and prevent promiscuous cell. The mechanisms underlying multicellular development in the animal stem lineage may be reconstructed through the study of choanoflagellates, the closest living relatives of animals. To determine the genetic underpinnings of multicellularity in the emerging model choanoflagellate S. rosetta, we performed a screen for mutants with defects in multicellular rosette development. In two of the mutants, Jumble and Couscous, single cells failed to develop into orderly rosettes but instead aggregated promiscuously into amorphous clumps of cells. Both mutants mapped to lesions in genes encoding glycosyltransferases and the mutations perturbed glycosylation patterns in the extracellular matrix (ECM). In animals, glycosyltransferases transfer activated sugars to donor molecules and thereby sculpt the polysaccharide-rich ECM, regulate integrin and cadherin activity, and, when disrupted, contribute to tumorigenesis. The finding that glycosyltransferases promote proper rosette development and prevent cell aggregation in S. rosetta suggests a pre-metazoan role for glycosyltransferases in regulating development and preventing abnormal tumor-like multicellularity.	-16.54419708251953	20.171222686767578	8
Gradual Increase of High Mobility Group Protein B1 in the Lungs after the Onset of Acute Exacerbation of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis. The pathogenesis of acute exacerbation of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) remains to be elucidated. To evaluate the roles of inflammatory mediators in acute exacerbation, the concentrations of high mobility group protein B1 (HMGB1), a chief mediator of acute lung injury, and inflammatory cytokines were measured in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, serially sampled from seven IPF patients after the onset of acute exacerbation. HMGB1 gradually increased in the alveolar fluid after the onset of acute exacerbation, in positive correlation with monocytes chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1), a potent fibrogenic mediator. In the lung tissues of eight IPF patients autopsied after acute exacerbation, intense cytoplasmic staining for HMGB1 was observed in the alveolar epithelial cells in alveolar capillary augmented lesions, where the capillary endothelial cells remarkably reduced the expression of thrombomodulin, an intrinsic antagonist of HMGB1. These results suggest pathogenic roles for HMGB1 and MCP-1 in the late phase of acute exacerbation of IPF.	10.687135696411133	37.08775329589844	0
HUMAN BOCAVIRUS PREVALENCE IN CHILDREN WITH ACUTE GASTROENTERITIS FROM RURAL COMMUNITIES IN THE NORTHEN REGION OF SOUTH AFRICA Running Head: Human Bocavirus in children with AGE. BACKGROUND: Acute gastroenteritis (AGE) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in young children worldwide. Human Bocavirus (HBoV) is an emerging virus globally associated with diarrhea. The aim of this study was to demonstrate the prevalence of HBoV genotypes in children (≤5 years) from rural communities in South Africa (SA) suffering from AGE. A total of fecal samples of children ≤5 years with acute gastroenteritis (AGE) were collected from rural Primary Health Care facilities in the Vhembe district of SA between June and July 2018. Clinical symptoms and demographic data were also recorded. A total of (72%) were outpatients and (28%) were hospitalized patients. Human Bocavirus (HBoV) genotypes were determined using Real-Time Multiplex PCR. DNA extracts of positive samples were confirmed by conventional PCR targeting the NS1 gene. Co-infection with other enteric viruses were determined in HBoV positive samples using Real-Time PCR. RESULTS: HBoV was detected in (5.7%) children with AGE. Children were in the age group between 1-24 months. HBoV1 and HBoV3 genotypes were each detected in (37.5%) stool samples and HBoV2 in (25%) stool samples. Co-infection with other enteric viruses included Rotavirus (37.5%); Adenovirus (37.5%); Norovirus (25%) and Astrovirus (12.5%). CONCLUSION: HBoV infections could be seen as a potential emerging diarrheal pathogen in South Africa. Further studies are required to understand the role of HBoV infections in children and adults with acute gastroenteritis.	17.176570892333984	-12.202912330627441	7
Harnessing host-virus evolution in antiviral therapy and immunotherapy. Pathogen resistance and development costs are major challenges in current approaches to antiviral therapy. The high error rate of RNA synthesis and reverse-transcription confers genome plasticity, enabling the remarkable adaptability of RNA viruses to antiviral intervention. However, this property is coupled to fundamental constraints including limits on the size of information available to manipulate complex hosts into supporting viral replication. Accordingly, RNA viruses employ various means to extract maximum utility from their informationally limited genomes that, correspondingly, may be leveraged for effective host-oriented therapies. Host-oriented approaches are becoming increasingly feasible because of increased availability of bioactive compounds and recent advances in immunotherapy and precision medicine, particularly genome editing, targeted delivery methods and RNAi. In turn, one driving force behind these innovations is the increasingly detailed understanding of evolutionarily diverse hostvirus interactions, which is the key concern of an emerging field, neo-virology. This review examines biotechnological solutions to disease and other sustainability issues of our time that leverage the properties of RNA and DNA viruses as developed through coevolution with their hosts.	-8.478438377380371	5.422872543334961	5
Healthcare-Associated Pneumonia: Don't Forget About Respiratory Viruses!. Introduction: Healthcare-associated infections are an important cause of morbidity and mortality, are among the most common adverse events in healthcare, and of them, pneumonia is the most commonly reported. Our objective was to evaluate the incidence and clinical outcome of respiratory viruses in hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP). Methods: This was a prospective cohort study, include patients aged between and who fulfilled Centers for Diseases Control and Prevention (CDC) criteria for HAP. Demographic and clinical data were obtained, and a nasopharyngeal swab specimen was taken for the detection of respiratory viruses. All included patients were monitored until discharge to collect data on the need for mechanical ventilation, intensive care unit (ICU) admission, and mortality. All-cause 30-day mortality was also ascertained. Results: Four thousand three hundred twenty-seven patients were followed for 42,658 patient-days and 5,150 ventilator-days. Eighty-eight patients (2.03%) met the CDC criteria for HAP, patients were included, and clinical and epidemiological characteristics showed no statistically significant differences between patients with virus associated healthcare-associated pneumonia (VAHAP) and those with non-viral healthcare-associated pneumonia (NVHAP). At least one respiratory virus was detected in 65% [95% CI (53-77)] of episodes of HAP, with a single viral pathogen observed in 53.9% and coinfection with viruses in 11.1% of cases. The outcome in terms of ICU admission, mechanical ventilation and the 30-day mortality did not show a significant difference between groups. Conclusions: In two-thirds of the patients a respiratory virus was identified. There was no difference in mortality or the rest of the clinical outcome variables. About half of the patients required mechanical ventilation and 10% died, which emphasizes the importance of considering these pathogens in nosocomial infections, since their identification can influence the decrease in hospital costs and be taken into account in infection control policies.	18.52328872680664	-24.137203216552734	9
Heat inactivation of serum interferes with the immunoanalysis of antibodies to SARS-CoV-2. The detection of serum antibodies to the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is emerging as a new tool for the coronavirus disease-2019 diagnosis. Since many coronaviruses are sensitive to heat, heating inactivation of samples at ℃ prior to testing is considered a possible method to reduce the risk of transmission, but the effect of heating on the measurement of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies is still unclear. By comparing the levels of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies before and after heat inactivation of serum at ℃ for minutes using a quantitative fluorescence immunochromatographic assay, we shown that heat inactivation significantly interferes with the levels of antibodies to SARS-CoV-2. The IgM levels of all the serum samples (100%) from COVID-19 patients decreased by an average level of 53.56%. The IgG levels were decreased in of samples (64.71%) by an average level of 49.54%. Similar changes can also be observed in the non-COVID-19 diseases group (n=9). Of note, 44.12% of the detected IgM levels were dropped below the cut-off value after heating, suggesting heat inactivation can lead to false-negative results of these samples. Our results indicate . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 that heat inactivation of serum at ℃ for minutes interferes with the immunoanalysis of antibodies to SARS-CoV-2. Heat inactivation prior to immunoanalysis is not recommended and the possibility of false-negative results should be considered if the sample was pre-inactivated by heating.	8.389904975891113	-10.948721885681152	7
Hematopoietic stem Cell transplantation in an Infant with Immunodeficiency, Centromeric Instability, and Facial anomaly syndrome. Immunodeficiency, centromeric instability, and facial anomaly (ICF) syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive genetic condition with severe immunodeficiency, which leads to lethal infections if not recognized and treated in early childhood. Up-to-date treatment regimens consist of prophylactic and supportive treatment of the recurrent infections. Here, we report the case of a 1-year-old boy of Moroccan consanguineous parents, who was diagnosed at months of age with ICF syndrome with a homozygous missense mutation in the DNMT3B gene. He was initially admitted to the hospital with recurrent pulmonary infections from the opportunistic pathogen Pneumocystis jirovecii (PJ). Further immunological workup revealed agammaglobulinemia in the presence of B cells. After successful recovery from the PJ pneumonia, he underwent hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) from the HLA-matched healthy sister using a chemotherapeutic conditioning regimen consisting of treosulfan, fludarabine, and thiotepa. Other than acute chemotherapy-associated side effects, no serious adverse events occurred. Six months after HSCT immune-reconstitution, he had a stable chimerism with 2.9% autologous portion in the peripheral blood and a normal differential blood cell count, including all immunoglobulin subtypes. This is one of the first cases of successful HSCT in ICF syndrome. Early diagnosis and subsequent HSCT can prevent severe opportunistic infections and cure the immunodeficiency. Centromeric instability and facial anomaly remain unaffected. Although the long-term patient outcome and the neurological development remain to be seen, this curative therapy for immunodeficiency improves life expectancy and quality of life. This case is meant to raise physicians awareness for ICF syndrome and highlight the consideration for HSCT in ICF syndrome early on.	9.310357093811035	-19.03455352783203	7
Heterogeneity and plasticity of porcine alveolar macrophage and pulmonary interstitial macrophage isolated from healthy pigs in vitro. This study investigated the heterogeneity and plasticity of porcine alveolar macrophages (PAM) and pulmonary interstitial macrophages (IM) isolated from healthy pigs, including phenotype, function and gene expression. Dynamic changes of nitric oxide (NO) levels secreted by PAM and IM with stimulation of different doses of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) were investigated by Griess method, and the viability of the PAM and IM cells was investigated by MTT assay. Flow cytometry, fluorescence quantitative PCR and ELISA techniques were used to measure cell phenotype, gene expression and cytokine secretion, respectively. The PAM and IM cells in normal healthy pigs showed heterogeneity with 95.42±1.51% and 31.99±5.84% of CD163+ macrophage, respectively. The NO level in IM was significantly higher versus PAM after LPS treatment. Consistently, the ratio of Arg I/iNOS in IM was much lower than that in PAM, suggesting that the PAM belong to M2 macrophages and the IM belong to M1 macrophages. The PAM and IM cells in normal healthy pigs also showed plasticity. The Arg I/iNOS ratio and TIMP1/MMP12 ratio were significantly decreased in LPS-or LPS+IFNγ-treated PAM and IM, suggesting that cells were polarized towards M1 macrophages under LPS or LPS+IFNγ stimulation. On the contrary, IL-4 and IL-13 stimulation on PAM and IM lead to M2 polarization. A similar result was found in IL-1β gene expression and TNFα secretion. In conclusion, porcine macrophages have shown heterogeneity and plasticity on polarization under the stimulation of LPS, IFNγ, IL-4 and IL-13.	11.123401641845703	42.274070739746094	0
High Content Image Based Analysis Identifies Cell Cycle Inhibitors as Regulators of Ebola Virus Infection. Viruses modulate a number of host biological responses including the cell cycle to favor their replication. In this study, we developed a high-content imaging (HCI) assay to measure DNA content and identify different phases of the cell cycle. We then investigated the potential effects of cell cycle arrest on Ebola virus (EBOV) infection. Cells arrested in G1 phase by serum starvation or G1/S phase using aphidicolin or G2/M phase using nocodazole showed much reduced EBOV infection compared to the untreated control. Release of cells from serum starvation or aphidicolin block resulted in a timedependent increase in the percentage of EBOV infected cells. The effect of EBOV infection on cell cycle progression was found to be cell-type dependent. Infection of asynchronous MCF-10A cells with EBOV resulted in a reduced number of cells in G2/M phase with concomitant increase of cells in G1 phase. However, these effects were not observed in HeLa or A549 cells. Together, our studies suggest that EBOV requires actively proliferating cells for efficient replication. Furthermore, multiplexing of HCI based assays to detect viral infection, cell cycle status and other phenotypic changes in a single cell population will provide useful information during screening campaigns using siRNA and small molecule therapeutics. Viruses 2012,	5.640340805053711	29.527095794677734	0
High sensitivity detection of coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 using multiplex PCR and a multiplex-PCR-based metagenomic method. Many detection methods have been used or reported for the diagnosis and/or surveillance of SARS-CoV-2. Among them, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) is the most sensitive, claiming detection of about copies of viruses. However, it has been reported that only 47-59% of the positive cases were identified by RT-PCR, probably due to loss or degradation of virus RNA in the sampling process, or even mutation of the virus genome. Therefore, developing highly sensitive methods is imperative to ensure robust detection capabilities. With the goal of improving sensitivity and accommodate various application settings, we developed a multiplex-PCR-based method comprised of pairs of specific primers, and demonstrated its efficiency to detect SARS-CoV-2 at low copy numbers. The assay produced clean characteristic target peaks of defined sizes, which allowed for direct identification of positives by electrophoresis. In addition, optional sequencing can provide further confirmation as well as phylogenetic information of the identified virus(es) for specific strain discrimination, which will be of paramount importance for surveillance purposes that represent a global health imperative. Finally, we also developed in parallel a multiplex-PCR-based metagenomic method that is amenable to detect SARS-CoV-2, with the additional benefit of its potential for uncovering mutational diversity and novel pathogens at low sequencing depth.	0.07546863704919815	-4.605546951293945	6
Highly ACE2 Expression in Pancreas May Cause Pancreas Damage After SARS-CoV-2 Infection. The ongoing outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) started in the end of in China has triggered a global public health crisis. Previous studies have shown that SARS-CoV-2 infects cells by binding angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2), which is the same as SARS-CoV. The expression and distribution of ACE2 in the pancreas are unknown. At the same time, the injury of pancreas after SARS-CoV-2 infection has not been concerned. Here, we collected public datasets (bulk RNA-seq and single-cell RNA-seq) to indicate the expression and the distribution of ACE2 in pancreas (in both exocrine glands and islets). And further, clinical data including mild and severe patients with COVID-19 demonstrated there existed mild pancreatitis. In the severe cases, patients (16.41%) showed elevated levels of both amylase and lipase, and patients (7.46%) showed imaging alterations. Only one patient (1.85%) showed elevated levels of both amylase and lipase in mild cases, without imaging changes. Our study revealed the phenomenon and possible cause of mild pancreatic injury in patients with COVID-19. This suggests that pancreatitis after SARS-CoV-2 infection should also be paid attention in clinical work.	6.893605709075928	3.3723087310791016	7
Homologous Recombination as an Evolutionary Force in African Swine Fever Viruses. Recent outbreaks of African swine fever virus (ASFV) in China severely influenced the swine industry of the country. Currently, there is no	15.514449119567871	22.187911987304688	1
Hospital resuscitation teams: a review of the risks to the healthcare worker. Background: "Code blue" events and related resuscitation efforts involve multidisciplinary bedside teams that implement specialized interventions aimed at patient revival. Activities include performing effective chest compressions, assessing and restoring a perfusing cardiac rhythm, stabilizing the airway, and treating the underlying cause of the arrest. While the existing critical care literature has appropriately focused on the patient, there has been a dearth of information discussing the various stresses to the healthcare team. This review summarizes the available literature regarding occupational risks to medical emergency teams, characterizes these risks, offers preventive strategies to healthcare workers, and highlights further research needs. Methods: We performed a literature search of PubMed for English articles of all types (randomized controlled trials, case-control and cohort studies, case reports and series, editorials and commentaries) through September 22, 2016, discussing potential occupational hazards during resuscitation scenarios. Of the articles reviewed, relevant articles were included. Results: The literature search identified six potential occupational risk categories to members of the resuscitation team-infectious, electrical, musculoskeletal, chemical, irradiative, and psychological. Retrieved articles were reviewed in detail by the authors. Conclusion: Overall, we found there is limited evidence detailing the risks to healthcare workers performing resuscitation. We identify these risks and offer potential solutions. There are clearly numerous opportunities for further study in this field.	-27.27956771850586	-22.85670280456543	2
Host and infectivity prediction of Wuhan novel coronavirus using deep learning algorithm. The recent outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, China caused by the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) emphasizes the importance of detecting novel viruses and predicting their risks of infecting people. In this report, we introduced the VHP (Virus Host Prediction) to predict the potential hosts of viruses using deep learning algorithm. Our prediction suggests that 2019-nCoV has close infectivity with other human coronaviruses, especially the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), Bat SARS-like Coronaviruses and the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV). Based on our prediction, compared to the Coronaviruses infecting other vertebrates, bat coronaviruses are assigned with more similar infectivity patterns with 2019-nCoVs. Furthermore, by comparing the infectivity patterns of all viruses hosted on vertebrates, we found mink viruses show a closer infectivity pattern to 2019-nCov. These consequences of infectivity pattern analysis illustrate that bat and mink may be two candidate reservoirs of 2019-nCov.These results warn us to beware of 2019-nCoV and guide us to further explore the properties and reservoir of it. One Sentence Summary: It is of great value to identify whether a newly discovered virus has the risk of infecting human. Guo et al. proposed a virus host prediction method based on deep learning to detect what kind of host a virus can infect with DNA sequence as input.	8.655653953552246	7.41267728805542	4
Host shifts result in parallel genetic changes when viruses evolve in closely related species 2. Host shifts, where a pathogen invades and establishes in a new host species, are a major source of emerging infectious diseases. They frequently occur between related host species and often rely on the pathogen evolving adaptations that increase their fitness in the novel host species. To investigate genetic changes in novel hosts, we experimentally evolved replicate lineages of an RNA virus (Drosophila C Virus) in different species of Drosophilidae and deep sequenced the viral genomes. We found a strong pattern of parallel evolution, where viral lineages from the same host were genetically more similar to each other than to lineages from other host species. When we compared viruses that had evolved in different host species, we found that parallel genetic changes were more likely to occur if the two host species were closely related. This suggests that when a virus adapts to one host it might also become better adapted to closely related host species. This may explain in part why host shifts tend to occur between related species, and may mean that when a new pathogen appears in a given species, closely related species may become vulnerable to the new disease.	-1.8609329462051392	9.841777801513672	5
Host shifts result in parallel genetic changes when viruses evolve in closely related species. Host shifts, where a pathogen invades and establishes in a new host species, are a major source of emerging infectious diseases. They frequently occur between related host species and often rely on the pathogen evolving adaptations that increase their fitness in the novel host species. To investigate genetic changes in novel hosts, we experimentally evolved replicate lineages of an RNA virus (Drosophila C Virus) in different species of Drosophilidae and deep sequenced the viral genomes. We found a strong pattern of parallel evolution, where viral lineages from the same host were genetically more similar to each other than to lineages from other host species. When we compared viruses that had evolved in different host species, we found that parallel genetic changes were more likely to occur if the two host species were closely related. This suggests that when a virus adapts to one host it might also become better adapted to closely related host species. This may explain in part why host shifts tend to occur between related species, and may mean that when a new pathogen appears in a given species, closely related species may become vulnerable to the new disease. Host shifts, where a pathogen jumps from one host species to another, are a major source of infectious disease. Hosts shifts are more likely to occur between related host species and often rely on the pathogen evolving adaptations that increase their fitness in the novel host. Here we have investigated how viruses evolve in different host species, by experimentally evolving replicate lineages of an RNA virus in different host species that shared a common ancestor million years ago. We then deep sequenced the genomes of these viruses to examine the genetic changes that have occurred in different host species that vary in their relatedness. We found that parallel mutations-that are indicative of selection-were significantly more likely to occur within viral lineages from the same host, and between viruses evolved in closely related species. This suggests that a mutation that may adapt a virus to a given host, may also adapt it to closely related host species.	-1.8796344995498657	9.83384895324707	5
Hotspots of aberrant enhancer activity in fibrolamellar carcinoma reveal molecular mechanisms of oncogenesis and intrinsic drug resistance. Fibrolamellar carcinoma (FLC) is a rare, therapeutically intractable liver cancer that disproportionately affects youth. Although FLC tumors exhibit a distinct gene expression profile, the causative transcriptional mechanisms remain unclear. Here we used chromatin run-on sequencing to discover approximately 7,000 enhancers and enhancer hotspots activated in FLC relative to non-malignant liver. Detailed bioinformatic analyses revealed aberrant ERK/MEK signaling and candidate master transcriptional regulators. We also defined the genes most strongly associated with aberrant FLC enhancer activity, including CA12 and SLC16A14. Treatment of FLC cell models with inhibitors of CA12 or SLC16A14 independently reduced cell viability and/or significantly enhanced the effect of MEK inhibitor cobimetinib. These findings highlight new molecular targets for drug development as well as novel drug combination approaches.	10.448537826538086	29.978370666503906	11
How Flaviviruses Activate and Suppress the Interferon Response. The flavivirus genus includes viruses with a remarkable ability to produce disease on a large scale. The expansion and increased endemicity of dengue and West Nile viruses in the Americas exemplifies their medical and epidemiological importance. The rapid detection of viral infection and induction of the innate antiviral response are crucial to determining the outcome of infection. The intracellular pathogen receptors RIG-I and MDA5 play a central role in detecting flavivirus infections and initiating a robust antiviral response. Yet, these viruses are still capable of producing acute illness in humans. It is now clear that flaviviruses utilize a variety of mechanisms to modulate the interferon response. The non-structural proteins of the various flaviviruses reduce expression of interferon dependent genes by blocking phosphorylation, enhancing degradation or down-regulating expression of major components of the JAK/STAT pathway. Recent studies indicate that interferon modulation is an important factor in the development of severe flaviviral illness. This suggests that an increased understanding of viral-host interactions will facilitate the development of novel therapeutics to treat these viral infections and improved biological models to study flavivirus pathogenesis.	9.251859664916992	33.59333038330078	10
How does the outbreak of 2019-nCoV spread in mainland China? A retrospective analysis of the dynamic transmission routes *. The fourth outbreak of the Coronaviruses, known as the 2019-nCoV, has occurred in Wuhan city of Hubei province in China in December 2019. We propose a timevarying sparse vector autoregressive (VAR) model to retrospectively analyze and visualize the dyamic transmission routes of this outbreak in mainland China over January -February 19, 2020. Our results demonstrate that the influential interprovince routes from Hubei have become unidentifiable since February 4, whereas the self-transmission in each province was accelerating over February 4-15. From February 16, all routes became less detectable, and no influential transmissions could be identified on February and 19. Such evidence supports the effectiveness of government interventions, including the travel restrictions in Hubei. Implications of our results suggest that in addition to the origin of the outbreak, virus preventions are of crucial importance in provinces with the largest migrant workers percentages (e.g., Jiangxi, Henan and Anhui) to controlling the spread of 2019-nCoV.	-1.2354003190994263	-28.22161865234375	3
How to differentiate COVID-19 pneumonia from heart failure with computed tomography at initial medical contact during epidemic period Running title: CT imaging for COVID-19 and heart failure. OBJECTIVES To compare chest CT findings in heart failure with those of Corona Virus Disease pneumonia. BACKGROUND During epidemic period, chest computed tomography (CT) has been highly recommended for screening patients with suspected COVID-19. However, the comparison of CT imaging between heart failure and COVID-19 pneumonia has not been fully elucidated. METHODS Patients with heart failure (n=12), COVID-19 pneumonia (n=12) and one patient with both diseases were retrospectively enrolled. Clinical information and imaging of chest CT were collected and analyzed. There was no difference of ground glass opacity (GGO), consolidation, crazy paving pattern, lobes affected and septal thickening between heart failure and COVID-19 pneumonia. However, less rounded morphology (8.3% vs. 67%, p=0.003), more peribronchovascular thickening (75% vs. 33%, p=0.041) and fissural thickening (33% vs. 0%, p=0.028), less peripheral distribution (33% vs. 92%, p=0.003) were found in heart failure group than that in COVID-19 group. Importantly, there were also more patients with upper pulmonary vein enlargement (75% vs. 8.3%, p=0.001), subpleural effusion and cardiac enlargement in heart failure group than that in COVID-19 group (50% vs. 0%, p=0.005, separately). Besides, more fibrous lesions were found in COVID-19 group although there was no statistical difference (25% vs. 0%, P=0.064) CONCLUSIONS Although there are some overlaps of CT imaging between heart failure and COVID-19, CT is still a useful tool in differentiating COVID-19 pneumonia.	19.523012161254883	-18.324522018432617	9
Human Bocavirus: Lessons Learned to Date. Human bocavirus (HBoV) was identified as the second human parvovirus with pathogenic potential in in respiratory samples from children suffering from viral respiratory infections of unknown etiology. Since its first description, a large number of clinical studies have been performed that address the clinical significance of HBoV detection and the molecular biology of the virus. This review summarizes the most important steps taken in HBoV research to date and addresses open questions that need to be answered in the future to provide a better understanding of the role of a virus that is difficult to grow in cell culture and is suspected to be a pathogen, although it has not yet fulfilled Koch's postulates.	19.15107536315918	11.486948013305664	10
Human Ebola virus infection in West Africa: a review of available therapeutic agents that target different steps of the life cycle of Ebola virus-mutable host cell therapeutic targets for Ebola virus, Cocktail therapeutic intervention for RNA virus Multilingual abstract. The recent outbreak of the human Zaire ebolavirus (EBOV) epidemic is spiraling out of control in West Africa. Human EBOV hemorrhagic fever has a case fatality rate of up to 90%. The EBOV is classified as a biosafety level pathogen and is considered a category A agent of bioterrorism by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, with no approved therapies and vaccines available for its treatment apart from supportive care. Although several promising therapeutic agents and vaccines against EBOV are undergoing the Phase I human trial, the current epidemic might be outpacing the speed at which drugs and vaccines can be produced. Like all viruses, the EBOV largely relies on host cell factors and physiological processes for its entry, replication, and egress. We have reviewed currently available therapeutic agents that have been shown to be effective in suppressing the proliferation of the EBOV in cell cultures or animal studies. Most of the therapeutic agents in this review are directed against non-mutable targets of the host, which is independent of viral mutation. These medications are approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of other diseases. They are available and stockpileable for immediate use. They may also have a complementary role to those therapeutic agents under development that are directed against the mutable targets of the EBOV.	17.954626083374023	13.69135856628418	10
Human coronavirus OC43 3CL protease and the potential of ML188 as a broad-spectrum lead compound: Homology modelling and molecular dynamic studies. The coronavirus chymotrypsin-like protease (3CL pro ) is a validated target in the design of potential anticoronavirus inhibitors. The high degree of homology within the protease's active site and substrate conservation supports the identification of broad spectrum lead compounds. A previous study identified the compound ML188, also termed 16R, as an inhibitor of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) 3CL pro . This study will detail the generation of a homology model of the 3CL pro of the human coronavirus OC43 and determine the potential of 16R to form a broad-spectrum lead compound. MODELLER was used to generate a suitable three-dimensional model of the OC43 3CL pro and the Prime module of Schrӧdinger predicted the binding conformation and free energy of binding of 16R within the 3CL pro active site. Molecular dynamics further confirmed ligand stability and hydrogen bonding networks. Results: A high quality homology model of the OC43 3CL pro was successfully generated in an active conformation. Further studies reproduced the binding pose of 16R within the active site of the generated model, where its free energy of binding was shown to equal that of the 3CL pro of SARS-CoV, a receptor it is experimentally proven to inhibit. The stability of the ligand was subsequently confirmed by molecular dynamics. Conclusion: The lead compound 16R may represent a broad-spectrum inhibitor of the 3CL pro of OC43 and potentially other coronaviruses. This study provides an atomistic structure of the 3CL pro of OC43 and supports further experimental validation of the inhibitory effects of 16R. These findings further confirm that the 3CL pro of coronaviruses can be inhibited by broad spectrum lead compounds.	4.833583354949951	15.436384201049805	4
Human, Nonhuman Primate, and Bat Cells Are Broadly Susceptible to Tibrovirus Particle Cell Entry Running Title: 3/5 words.	11.15126895904541	20.839176177978516	1
Hypokalemia and Clinical Implications in Patients with Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19). medRxiv preprint BACKGROUND SARS-CoV-2 has caused a series of COVID-19 globally. SARS-CoV-2 binds angiotensin I converting enzyme (ACE2) of renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and causes prevalent hypokalemia The patients with COVID-19 were classified into severe hypokalemia, hypokalemia, and normokalemia group. The study aimed to determine the relationship between hypokalemia and clinical features, the underlying causes and clinical implications of hypokalemia. RESULTS Feb 15, 2020, patients with COVID-19 (92 women and men; median age, [IQR, 34-54] years) were admitted to hospital in Wenzhou, China, consisting severe hypokalemia-, hypokalemia-, and normokalemia patients. Gastrointestinal symptoms were not associated with hypokalemia among hypokalemia patients (P>0.05). Body temperature, CK, CK-MB, LDH, and CRP were significantly associated with the severity of hypokalemia (P<0.01). 93% of severe and critically ill patients had hypokalemia which was most common among elevated CK, CK-MB, LDH, and CRP. Urine K + loss was the primary cause of hypokalemia. severe hypokalemia patients was given g/day, adding up to an average of (SD=4) g potassium during hospital stay. The exciting finding was that patients responded well to K + supplements when they were inclined to recovery.	14.181567192077637	-21.618223190307617	7
Identification and Comparison of Receptor Binding Characteristics of the Spike Protein of Two Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus Strains. Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), a member of Alphacoronavirus, has caused huge economic losses for the global pork industry recently. The spike (S) protein mediates PEDV entry into host cells. Herein, we investigated the interactions between the S protein and its receptor porcine aminopeptidase N (pAPN) or co-receptor sugars. The C-terminal domain (CTD) of the S1 domain is bound to pAPN. The prototype strain demonstrated similar receptor-binding activity compared with the variant field isolate. Three loops at the tips of the β-barrel domains did not play crucial roles in the PEDV S-pAPN association, indicating that PEDV conforms to a different receptor recognition model compared with transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV), porcine respiratory CoV (PRCV), and human coronavirus NL63 (HCoV-NL63). The N-terminal domain (NTD) of the PEDV S1 domain could bind sugar, a possible co-receptor for PEDV. The prototype strain exhibited weaker sugar-binding activity compared with the variant field isolate. Strategies targeting the receptor binding domain (RBD) may be helpful for developing vaccines or antiviral drugs for PEDV. Understanding the differences in receptor binding between the prototype and the variant strains may provide insight into PEDV pathogenesis. Viruses 2016, 8, of the Betacoronavirus genus uses angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) as its receptor, and its receptor-binding domain (RBD) is located within CTD of the S1 domain [3] . ACE2 is also a receptor for human coronavirus NL63 (HCoV-NL63), in which three discontinuous fragments located within CTD of the S1 domain are responsible for receptor binding [4] . No structural homology has been found between the SARS and HCoV-NL63 RBDs, but they recognize the same receptor (ACE2). Meanwhile, their RBDs share the same receptor recognition hotspots [5] . The RBD of transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) is located within CTD of the S1 domain. The RBD crystal structures of TGEV and HCoV-NL63 show similarities, but they use different receptors [2] . The RBDs of murine hepatitis virus (MHV) and bovine coronavirus (BCoV) in the same genus of Betacoronaviruses are located in the N-terminus of the S1 domain. However, carcinoembryonic antigen cell adhesion molecule (CEACAM) and sugar serve as the receptors for MHV and BCoV, respectively, despite their high sequence homology [6, 7] . PEDV belongs to the Alphacoronavirus genus and can cause an acute and highly contagious enteric disease. Its clinical symptoms include watery diarrhea, severe enteritis, vomiting, and weight loss; the mortality rate can reach 50%-90% in suckling piglets [8] [9] [10] . In 1977, Pensaert isolated a new coronavirus-like particle associated with diarrhea from Belgian swine breeding farms. This virus was different from TGEV and was designated CV777 [11] . Subsequently, the disease was reported in the United . Since 2010, massive PED outbreaks have been reported in Asia. In April 2013, there was a sudden occurrence of PED disease that rapidly spread across the United States, causing high rates of death among piglets [8] . Currently, PED is considered a pandemic disease that causes substantial economic losses to pork producers all over the world. The genome of PEDV contains kb which encodes the polyproteins ORF1a and ORF1b, S, open reading frame (ORF3), envelope (E), membrane (M), and nucleocapsid (N) proteins [12, 13] . The PEDV S protein is a homotrimeric membrane glycoprotein that contains a signal peptide (residues 1-20); an S1 region (residues 21-793) that mediates the attachment of virus particles to the cell surface receptor; an S2 region (residues 794-1385) that mediates virus fusion to host cells; a transmembrane domain (residues 1335-1358) and a cytoplasmic tail (residues 1359-1385); the S1 region contains two subdomains, an NTD (residues 21-324) and a CTD (residues 253-638) [14, 15] ( Figure 1A ). Previous studies have confirmed that porcine aminopeptidase N (pAPN) acts as a receptor for PEDV entry into target cells [16] [17] [18] . All characterized coronavirus S1 domain contain an RBD that is responsible for interactions with the cellular receptors for viral attachment. Lee determined that the N-terminus of the PEDV S1 domain was necessary for receptor binding using a co-immunoprecipitation assay; the minimal binding region was confirmed to be located within residues 25-88 [14]. To date, there are no conclusive data concerning the exact location of the PEDV RBD and the key amino acids that participate in receptor binding. The major genetic variations of coronaviruses have been reported to be concentrated in the S1 portion of the S gene. Even a single amino acid mutation can change the virulence of a given virus [7, 19] . The sequences of the PEDV S1 domain differ between the prototype and variant strains, especially at the N-terminus ( Figure 1B) . For example, a six-amino-acid insertion was identified in the variant strain (residues 56-60 and 141) [20, 21] . Amino acid deletions have also been identified within the S1 domain (residues 155, 156, 163, and 164) [13,22]. Whether the mutated amino acids are located within the RBD and are capable of affecting the binding affinity to its receptor and then affecting the virulence or pathogenicity is unknown. In this study, the RBD of the PEDV S1 domain was identified, and the receptor-binding activity was compared between the variant strain CHGD-01 and the prototype CV777 strain. The motifs responsible for receptor binding were predicted and verified using mutagenesis. Finally, the sugar-binding domain of PEDV was determined, and the binding activity was compared between the CHGD-01 and CV777 strains.	2.0514144897460938	20.414945602416992	12
Identification of a Novel Afipia Species Isolated from an Indian Flying Fox. An old world fruit bat Pteropus giganteus, held in captivity and suffering from necrosis of its wing digits, failed to respond to antibiotic therapy and succumbed to the infection. Samples submitted to the National Centre for Foreign Animal Disease were tested for viral infection. Vero E6 cells exhibited minor but unique cytopathic effects on second blind passage, and full CPE by passage four. Utilizing an unbiased random amplification technique from cell culture supernatant, we identified a bacterium belonging to the Bradyrhizobiaceae. Purification of cell culture supernatant on TY media revealed a slow growing bacterial isolate. In this study using electron microscopy, 16S rRNA gene analysis and whole genome sequencing, we identify a novel bacterial species associated with the site of infection belonging to the genus Afipia. This genus of bacteria is very diverse, with only a limited number of species characterized. Afipia felis, previously described as the etiological agent to cause cat scratch disease, and Afipia septicemium, most recently shown to cause disease in humans, highlight the potential for members of this genus to form a branch of opportunistic pathogens within the Bradyrhizobiaceae. Increased utilization of next generation sequencing and genomics will aid in classifying additional members of this intriguing bacterial genera.	13.428291320800781	-1.4394760131835938	10
Identification of a novel nidovirus as a potential cause of large scale mortalities in the endangered Bellinger River snapping turtle (Myuchelys georgesi). In mid-February 2015, a large number of deaths were observed in the sole extant population of an endangered species of freshwater snapping turtle, Myuchelys georgesi, in a coastal river in New South Wales, Australia. Mortalities continued for approximately weeks and affected mostly adult animals. More than dead or dying animals were observed and population surveys conducted after the outbreak had ceased indicated that only a very small proportion of the population had survived, severely threatening the viability of the wild population. At necropsy, animals were in poor body condition, had bilateral swollen eyelids and some animals had tan foci on the skin of the ventral thighs. Histological examination revealed peri-orbital, splenic and nephric inflammation and necrosis. A virus was isolated in cell culture from a range of tissues. Nucleic acid sequencing of the virus isolate has identified the entire genome and indicates that this is a novel nidovirus that has a low level of nucleotide similarity to recognised nidoviruses. Its closest relatives are nidoviruses that have recently been described in pythons and lizards, usually in association with respiratory disease. In contrast, in the affected turtles, the most significant pathological changes were in the kidneys. Real time PCR assays developed to detect this virus demonstrated very high virus loads in affected tissues. In situ hybridisation studies confirmed the presence of viral nucleic acid in tissues in association with pathological changes. Collectively these data suggest that this virus is the likely cause of the mortalities that now threaten the survival of this species. Bellinger River Virus is the name proposed for this new virus.	12.887040138244629	-2.2573559284210205	10
Identification of diverse viruses in upper respiratory samples in dromedary camels from United Arab Emirates. Camels are known carriers for many viral pathogens, including Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV). It is likely that there are additional, as yet unidentified viruses in camels with the potential to cause disease in humans. In this study, we performed metagenomic sequencing analysis on nasopharyngeal swab samples from MERS-CoV-positive dromedary camels from a live animal market in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. We obtained a total of 846.72 million high-quality reads from these nasopharyngeal swab samples, of which 2.88 million (0.34%) were related to viral sequences while 512.63 million (60.5%) and 50.87 million (6%) matched bacterial and eukaryotic sequences, respectively. Among the viral reads, sequences related to mammalian viruses from genera in viral families were identified, including Coronaviridae, Nairoviridae, Paramyxoviridae, Parvoviridae, Polyomaviridae, Papillomaviridae, Astroviridae, Picornaviridae, Poxviridae, and Genomoviridae. Some viral sequences belong to known camel or human viruses and others are from potentially novel camel viruses with only limited sequence similarity to virus sequences in GenBank. A total of five potentially novel virus species or strains were identified. Co-infection of at least two recently identified camel coronaviruses was detected in 92.6% of the camels in the study. This study provides a comprehensive survey of viruses in the virome of upper respiratory samples in camels that have extensive contact with the human population.	10.883916854858398	-1.1443417072296143	10
Identification of quercetin from fruits to immediately fight Zika. Zika virus is spread mainly by the bite of an infected mosquito, which can be passed from a pregnant woman to her fetus, thus leading to birth defects including more than microcephaly. It has been recently estimated that one-third of the world population will be infected by Zika in the near future, but unfortunately so far there is no vaccine or medicine for Zika. In particular, the special concern on the vaccine treatment to Zika and Dengue arising from antibody-dependent enhancement strongly emphasizes the key role of its NS2B-NS3 protease (NS2B-NS3pro) as a target for anti-Zika drug discovery/design due to its absolutely-essential role in viral replication. In response to the current global health emergency triggered by the Zika outbreak, we successfully obtained several active forms of Zika NS2B-NS3pro and further attempted to discover its inhibitors from eatable plants and traditional herbal medicines to immediately fight Zika. Here, for the first time, we discovered that quercetin, a flavonoid extensively existing in many fruits and vegetables, effectively inhibits Zika NS2B-NS3pro. We further quantify its inhibitory activity with IC of 26.0 ± 0.1 µM; and K i of 23.0 ± 1.3 µM. As quercetin has been extensively found in fruits, vegetables, leaves and grains, our discovery would benefit the public to immediately fight Zika.	15.02099895477295	15.195943832397461	4
Identification of viruses with the potential to infect human. The virus has caused much mortality and morbidity to humans, and still posed a serious threat to the global public health. The virome with the human-infection potential is far from complete. Novel viruses have been discovered at an unprecedented pace as the rapid development of viral metagenomics. However, there is still a lack of a method for rapidly identifying the virus with the human-infection potential. This study built several machine learning models for discriminating the human-infecting viruses from other viruses based on the frequency of k-mers in the viral genomic sequences. The k-nearest neighbor (KNN) model could predict the human-infecting virus with an accuracy of over 90%. Even for the KNN models built on the contigs as short as 1kb, they performed comparably to those built on the viral genomes, suggesting that the models could be used to identify the human-infecting virus from the viral metagenomic sequences. This work could help for discovery of novel human-infecting virus in metagenomics studies.	-4.241936683654785	1.1469651460647583	6
Imaging Striatal Dopamine Release Using a Non-Genetically Encoded Near-Infrared Fluorescent Catecholamine Nanosensor. Neuromodulation plays a critical role in brain function in both health and disease. New optical tools, and their validation in biological tissues, are needed that can image neuromodulation with high spatial and temporal resolution, which will add an important new dimension of information to neuroscience research. Here, we demonstrate the use of a catecholamine nanosensor with fluorescent emission in the 1000-1300 nm near-infrared window to measure dopamine transmission in ex vivo brain slices. These near-infrared catecholamine nanosensors (nIRCats) represent a broader class of nanosensors that can be synthesized from non-covalent conjugation of single wall carbon nanotubes (SWNT) with single strand oligonucleotides. We show that nIRCats can be used to detect catecholamine efflux in brain tissue driven by both electrical stimulation or optogenetic stimulation. Spatial analysis of electrically-evoked signals revealed dynamic regions of interest approximately microns in size in which transients scaled with simulation intensity. Optogenetic stimulation of dopaminergic terminals produced similar transients, whereas optogenetic stimulation of glutamatergic terminals showed no effect on nIRCat signal. Bath application of nomifensine prolonged nIRCat fluorescence signal, consistent with reuptake blockade of dopamine. We further show that the chemically synthetic molecular recognition elements of nIRCats permit measurement of dopamine dynamics in the presence of dopamine receptor agonists and antagonists. These nIRCat nanosensors may be advantageous for future use because i) they do not require virus delivery, gene delivery, or protein expression, ii) their near-infrared fluorescence facilitates imaging in optically scattering brain tissue and is compatible for use in conjunction with other optical neuroscience tool sets, iii) the broad availability of unique near-infrared colors have the potential for simultaneous detection of multiple neurochemical signals, and iv) they are compatible with pharmacology.	17.208393096923828	29.234580993652344	11
Immune Biomarkers Predictive of Respiratory Viral Infection in Elderly Nursing Home Residents. Objective: To determine if immune phenotypes associated with immunosenescence predict risk of respiratory viral infection in elderly nursing home residents. Methods: Residents $65 years from nursing homes in Canadian cities were enrolled in Fall 2009, and 2011, and followed for one influenza season. Following influenza vaccination, peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were obtained and analysed by flow cytometry for T-regs, CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell subsets (CCR7+CD45RA+, CCR7-CD45RA+ and CD28-CD57+) and CMV-reactive CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells. Nasopharyngeal swabs were obtained and tested for viruses in symptomatic residents. A Cox proportional hazards model adjusted for age, sex and frailty, determined the relationship between immune phenotypes and time to viral infection. Results: residents were enrolled; median age years and 72% female. swabs were obtained, were positive for virus: influenza (24%), RSV (14%), coronavirus (32%), rhinovirus (17%), human metapneumovirus (9%) and parainfluenza (5%). In multivariable analysis, high T-reg% (HR 0.41, 95% CI 0.20-0.81) and high CMV-reactive CD4+ T-cell% (HR 1.69, 95% CI 1.03-2.78) were predictive of respiratory viral infection. In elderly nursing home residents, high CMV-reactive CD4+ T-cells were associated with an increased risk and high T-regs were associated with a reduced risk of respiratory viral infection.	20.9227352142334	-14.063559532165527	9
Immunodepletion with Hypoxemia: A Potential High Risk Subtype of Coronavirus Disease 2019. Background The outbreak of COVID-2019 is becoming a global public health	3.799206256866455	-19.58289909362793	1
Immunogenicity of adenovirus-vector vaccine targeting hepatitis B virus: non-clinical safety assessment in non-human primates. Background: A new promising therapeutic approach has emerged for patients chronically infected by the hepatitis B virus (HBV) with the development of a non-replicative adenovirus vector vaccine candidate (Ad-HBV). The vaccine encodes a fusion protein composed of a truncated HBV core protein, mutated polymerase protein, and two envelope domains. In this study, we assessed the immunogenicity of Ad-HBV administered to cynomolgus monkeys during a non-clinical safety assessment. Methods: The virus was subcutaneously administered at 1.0 × viral particles (VP)/animal (low-dose group), 1.0 × VP/animal (mid-dose group), and 1.0 × VP/animal (high-dose group); the control groups were administered an Ad5-null virus (1.0 × VP/animal) and saline only. Results: Except for inflammatory cell infiltration under the skin at the injection sites and transient elevation of body temperature and serum albumin, no Ad-HBV-related toxic effects were noted in any treatment group. Moreover, interferon (IFN)-γ enzyme-linked immunospot assays showed that Ad-HBV induced the targeting of T cells to a broad spectrum of HBV-specific epitopes spanning all three of the selected HBV immunogens (core, polymerase, and envelope domains) in a dose-dependent manner. Although anti-Ad antibody was produced in all groups (except for the saline control), the antibody titers were significantly lower in the high-dose Ad-HBV group than in the group that received the same dose of the Ad-null empty vector. In addition, the IFN-γ and IL-2 expression levels in the liver were significantly improved for the mid-dose, high-dose, and Ad-null control group (p < 0.05), but not for the low-dose group. Conclusions: Taken together, this safety assessment indicates that the Ad-HBV candidate vaccine is a potent specific immunotherapeutic agent, supporting its further clinical development as an anti-HBV infection vaccine.	23.089174270629883	21.73198890686035	10
Impact of city and residential unit lockdowns on prevention and control of COVID-19. With respect to the asymptomatic transmission characteristics of the novel coronavirus that appeared in (COVID-19), a susceptible-asymptomatic-infected-recovered-death (SAIRD) model that considered human mobility was constructed in this study. The dissemination of COVID-19 was simulated using computational experiments to identify the mechanisms underlying the impact of city and residential lockdowns on controlling the spread of the epidemic. Results: The implementation of measures to lock down cities led to higher mortality rates in these cities, due to reduced mobility. Moreover, implementing city lockdown along with addition of hospital beds led to improved cure and reduced mortality rates. Stringent implementation and early lockdown of residential units effectively controlled the spread of the epidemic, and reduced the number of hospital bed requirements. Collectively, measures to lock down cities and residential units should be taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19. In addition, medical resources should be increased in cities under lockdown. Implementation of these measures would reduce the spread of the virus to other cities and allow appropriate treatment of patients in cities under lockdown.	-15.036048889160156	-26.492544174194336	2
Impact of self-imposed prevention measures and short-term government intervention on mitigating and delaying a COVID-19 epidemic. Background: With new cases of COVID-19 surging around the world, some countries may have to prepare for moving beyond the containment phase. Prediction of the effectiveness of non-case-based interventions for mitigating, delaying or preventing the epidemic is urgent, especially for countries affected by the increased seasonal influenza activity. Methods: We developed a transmission model to evaluate the impact of self-imposed prevention measures (handwashing, mask-wearing, and social distancing) due to COVID-19 awareness and of short-term government-7 imposed social distancing on the peak number of diagnoses, attack rate and time until the peak number of diagnoses. Findings: For fast awareness spread in the population, self-imposed measures can significantly reduce the attack rate, diminish and postpone the peak number of diagnoses. A large epidemic can be prevented if the efficacy of these measures exceeds 50%. For slow awareness spread, self-imposed measures reduce the peak number of diagnoses and attack rate but do not affect the timing of the peak. Early implementation of short-term government interventions can only delay the peak. Interpretation: Handwashing, mask-wearing and social distancing as a reaction to information dissemination about COVID-19 can be effective strategies to mitigate and delay the epidemic. We stress the importance of a rapid spread of awareness on the use of self-imposed prevention measures in the population. Early-initiated short-term government-imposed social distancing can buy time for healthcare systems to prepare for an increasing COVID-19 burden. Evidence to date suggests that containment of SARS-CoV-2 using quarantine, travel restrictions, isolation of symp-26 tomatic cases, and contact tracing may need to be supplemented by other interventions. Given its rapid spread across the world and huge implications for public health, it is urgent to understand whether non-case-based inter-28 ventions can mitigate, delay or even prevent a COVID-19 epidemic. One strategy is a broader-scale contact rate reduction enforced by governments which was used during previous outbreaks, e.g., the influenza pandemic and the influenza A/H1N1 pandemic in Mexico. Alternatively, governments and media may stimulate self-imposed prevention measures (handwashing, mask-wearing, and social distancing) by generating awareness about COVID-32 19, especially when economic and societal consequences are taken into account. Both of these strategies may have a significant impact on the outbreak dynamics. Currently, there are no comparative studies that investigate their viability for controlling a COVID-19 epidemic. Added value of this study Using a transmission model parameterized with current best estimates of epidemiological parameters, we evaluated the impact of handwashing, mask-wearing, and social distancing due to COVID-19 awareness and of government-38 imposed social distancing on the peak number of diagnoses, attack rate, and time until the peak number of diagnoses. We show that a short-term (1-3 months) government intervention initiated early into the outbreak can only delay the peak number of diagnoses but neither alters its magnitude nor the attack rate. Our analyses also highlight the importance of spreading awareness about COVID-19 in the population, as the impact of self-imposed measures is strongly dependent on it. When awareness spreads fast, simple self-imposed measures such as handwashing are more effective than short-term government intervention. Self-imposed measures do not only diminish and postpone the peak number of diagnoses, but they can prevent a large epidemic altogether when their efficacy is sufficiently high (about 50%). Qualitatively, these results will allow public health professionals to compare interventions for designing effective outbreak control policies. Implications of all available evidence Our results highlight that dissemination of evidence-based information on effective prevention measures (hand-49 washing, mask-wearing, and self-imposed social distancing) can be a key strategy for mitigating and postponing a COVID-19 epidemic. Government interventions (e.g., closing schools and prohibiting mass gatherings) implemented early into the epidemic and lasting for a short-time can only buy time for healthcare systems to prepare for the	-18.662395477294922	-23.426475524902344	2
Impact of the contact and exclusion rates on the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. In March 2020, Coronavirus Disease originating from Wuhan, China, has become pandemic. Based on epidemic data from China we constructed and constrained a simple Susceptible-Infected-Infectious-Excluded (SIIE) model. The model is characterized by only three parameters: average incubation period, contact rate r C , and exclusion rate r E . These two rates control the daily multiplication coefficient β describing epidemic growth in its early exponential phase, during which the number of excluded (confirmed) individuals grows as E = E0 exp(α t) with α = ln β. The rates can be modified by non-therapeutic interventions: r C can be reduced by quarantine, while r E can be increased by efficient testing, enabling isolation of infectious individuals. In order to contain exponential epidemic growth, quotient r C /r E has to be reduced to 1. Based on the model, we estimate that the quarantine imposed in China on January 23, resulted in about 50-fold reduction of this quotient, allowing to terminate the exponential growth phase and enter the phase of exponential regression of daily new cases. In contrast, quarantine imposed in northern, most affected, Italian provinces on February resulted in about 3-fold reduction of r C /r E and corresponding decrease of β from about 1.5 to about 1.2; further 5-fold reduction is necessary to terminate exponential growth. Even higher reduction should take place in France, Germany and Spain for which β > 1.3 (as of March 10, 2020). Considering longer-term dynamics in the case when the initial exponential growth is not contained by quarantine, we analyzed a scenario in which r E decreases in response to the surge of daily new cases which convinces people to isolate themselves. In such case, initial abrupt epidemic growth is followed by a slow decrease over years. This scenario, although economically and socially devastating, grants time to develop, produce, and distribute vaccine. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-11.008220672607422	-21.129013061523438	3
Impacts of Social and Economic Factors on the Transmission of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) in China *. This paper examines the role of various socioeconomic factors in mediating the local and cross-city transmissions of the novel coronavirus in China. We implement a machine learning approach to select instrumental variables that strongly predict virus transmission among the rich exogenous weather characteristics. Our 2SLS estimates show that the stringent quarantine, massive lockdown and other public health measures imposed in late January significantly reduced the transmission rate of COVID-19. By early February, the virus spread had been contained. While many socioeconomic factors mediate the virus spread, a robust government response since late January played a determinant role in the containment of the virus. We also demonstrate that the actual population flow from the outbreak source poses a higher risk to the destination than other factors such as geographic proximity and similarity in economic conditions. The results have rich implications for ongoing global efforts in containment of COVID-19.	-14.260554313659668	-26.49118995666504	2
Improving early epidemiological assessment of emerging Aedes-transmitted epidemics using historical data. Model-based epidemiological assessment is useful to support decision-making at the beginning of an emerging Aedes-transmitted outbreak. However, early forecasts are generally unreliable as little information is available in the rst few incidence data points. Here, we show how past Aedestransmitted epidemics help improve these predictions. The approach was applied to the 2015-2017 Zika virus epidemics in three islands of the French West Indies, with historical data including other Aedes-transmitted diseases (Chikungunya and Zika) in the same and other locations. Hierarchical models were used to build informative a priori distributions on the reproduction ratio and the reporting rates. The accuracy and sharpness of forecasts improved substantially when these a priori distributions were used in models for prediction. For example, early forecasts of nal epidemic size obtained without historical information were 3.3 times too high on average (range: 0.2 to 5.8) with respect to the eventual size, but were far closer (1.1 times the real value on average, range: 0.4 to 1.5) using information on past CHIKV epidemics in the same places. Likewise, the 97.5% upper bound for maximal incidence was 15.3 times (range: 2.0 to 63.1) the actual peak incidence, and became much sharper at 2.4 times (range: 1.3 to 3.9) the actual peak incidence with informative a priori distributions. Improvements were more limited for the date of peak incidence and the total duration of the epidemic. The framework can adapt to all forecasting models at the early stages of emerging Aedes-transmitted outbreaks. Model-based assessments must be done in real time for emerging outbreaks: this was the case in recent years for MERS-CoV in the Middle East [1, 2, 3], Ebola virus in West Africa [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10] , chikungunya virus (CHIKV) [11] and Zika virus (ZIKV) [12, 13, 14] in the Americas. These analyses often focused on transmissibility and reproduction numbers rather than on forecasting the future impact of the epidemic. Indeed, forecasting is dicult before the epidemic reaches its peak, all the more when information on natural history, transmissibility and under-reporting is limited [15] . Yet, it is precisely at the beginning of an outbreak that forecasts would help public health authorities decide on the best strategies for control or mitigation. Several methods have been used to make epidemic predictions, including exponential growth models [5, 16] , sigmoid-based extrapolations [17] , SIR-type models [18] and more realistic model . CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license is made available under a	-13.759943962097168	-30.7326717376709	2
In silico approach to accelerate the development of mass spectrometry-based proteomics methods for detection of viral proteins: Application to COVID-19. The novel coronavirus disease first identified in in Wuhan, has become a serious global public health concern. One current issue is the ability to adequately screen for the virus causing COVID-2 (SARS-CoV-2). Here we demonstrate the feasibility of shotgun proteomics as a SARS-CoV-2 screening method, through the detection of viral peptides in proteolytically digested body fluids. Using in silico methods, we generated trypsin-based shotgun proteomics methods optimized for LCMS systems from commercial instrument vendors (Thermo, SCIEX, Waters, Shimadzu, and Agilent). First, we generated protein FASTA files and their protein digest maps. Second, the FASTA files were used to generate spectral libraries based on experimental data. Third, transition lists were derived from the	-0.1185603141784668	0.08911499381065369	6
In silico study of the spike protein from SARS-CoV-2 interaction with ACE2: similarity with SARS-CoV, hot-spot analysis and effect of the receptor polymorphism. The spread of the COVID-19 caused by the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak has been growing since its first identification in December 2019. The publishing of the first SARS-CoV-2 genome made a valuable source of data to study the details about its phylogeny, evolution, and interaction with the host. Proteinprotein binding assays have confirmed that Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) is more likely to be the cell receptor via which the virus invades the host cell. In the present work, we provide an insight into the interaction of the viral spike Receptor Binding Domain (RBD) from different coronavirus isolates with host ACE2 protein. We used homology-based protein-protein : bioRxiv preprint docking, binding energy estimation, and decomposition, aiming to predict both qualitative and quantitative aspects of the interaction. Using in silico structural modelling, we brought additional evidence that the interface segment of the spike protein RBD might be acquired by SARS-CoV-2 via a complex evolutionary process rather than mutation accumulation. We also highlighted the relevance of Q493 and P499 amino acid residues of SARS-CoV-2 RBD for binding to hACE2 and maintaining the stability of the interface. Finally, we studied the impact of eight different variants located at the interaction surface of ACE2, on the complex formation with SARS-CoV-2 RBD. We found that none of them is likely to disrupt the interaction with the viral RBD of SARS-CoV-2. key words: COVID-19, ACE2, viral spike Receptor Binding Domain, homology-based protein-protein docking, variants.	7.14939546585083	14.718973159790039	4
In trans variant calling reveals enrichment for compound heterozygous variants in genes involved in neuronal development and growth. Compound heterozygotes occur when different mutations at the same locus on both maternal and paternal chromosomes produce a recessive trait. Here we present the tool VarCount for the quantification of mutations at the individual level. We used VarCount to characterize compound heterozygous coding variants in patients with epileptic encephalopathy and in the genomes participants. The Epi4k data contains variants identified by whole exome sequencing in patients with either Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome (LGS) or Infantile Spasms (IS), as well as their parents. We queried the Epi4k dataset (264 trios) and the phased genomes data (2504 participants) for recessive variants. To assess enrichment, transcript counts were compared between the Epi4k and genomes participants using minor allele frequency (MAF) cutoffs of 0.5% and 1.0%, and including all ancestries or only probands of European ancestry. In the Epi4k participants, we found enrichment for rare, compound heterozygous mutations in six genes, including three involved in neuronal growth and development -PRTG (p=0.00086, 1% MAF, combined ancestries), TNC (p=0.0221% MAF, combined ancestries), and MACF1 (p=0.0245, 0.5% MAF, EU ancestry). Due the total number of transcripts considered in these analyses, the enrichment detected was not significant after correction for multiple testing and higher powered or prospective studies are necessary to validate the candidacy of these genes. However, PRTG, TNC, and MACF1 are potential novel recessive epilepsy genes and our results highlight that compound heterozygous mutations should be considered in sporadic epilepsy.	-13.453347206115723	7.063498020172119	6
In vitro antimicrobial activities of animal- used quinoxaline 1,4-di-N-oxides against mycobacteria, mycoplasma and fungi. Background: The quinoxaline 1,4-di-N-oxides (QdNOs) were known as potent antibacterial agents. For the purpose of evaluating the bioactivity of existing animal-used QdNOs drugs against representative pathogenic microorganism, the representative drugs of quinoxalines including cyadox, mequindox, quinocetone and their metabolites were submitted to the in vitro evaluation for antituberculosis, antimycoplasma, antifungal and antiviral activities. Results: In antituberculosis assays, the prototype compounds were active (MIC = 4~8 μg/mL) against Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv and M. bovis. Combined antimicrobial susceptibility test indicated that cyadox, mequindox and quinocetone combined with rifampicin had additive effect against M. tuberculosis complex with Fractional Inhibitory Concentration Index (FIC) of 0.75. Results of antifungal assays showed that quinocetone was active against Microsporum canis with MIC of μg/mL. Antimycoplasma screening showed a generally good activity of quinocetone against Mycoplasma gallisepticum and Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, with MIC between and μg/mL. As shown from the combined antimicrobial susceptibility test, cyadox, mequindox and quinocetone combined with tetracycline had additive effect against Mycoplasma gallisepticum with FIC of 0.75. These compounds were also submitted to antiviral assay against infectious bursal disease virus, porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus, porcine parvovirus and classical swine fever virus. The results obtained showed that these QdNOs and their metabolites have no inhibitory activity against these viruses in vitro. Conclusions: QdNOs exhibit antimicrobial activities against mycobacteria, mycoplasma and fungi. This study gives new insight in further application of QdNOs and offers a way to promote the healthcare of animal husbandry.	16.422317504882812	37.32647705078125	11
In-Depth Analysis of the Antibody Response of Individuals Exposed to Primary Dengue Virus Infection. Humans who experience a primary dengue virus (DENV) infection develop antibodies that preferentially neutralize the homologous serotype responsible for infection. Affected individuals also generate cross-reactive antibodies against heterologous DENV serotypes, which are non-neutralizing. Dengue cross-reactive, non-neutralizing antibodies can enhance infection of Fc receptor bearing cells and, potentially, exacerbate disease. The actual binding sites of human antibody on the DENV particle are not well defined. We characterized the specificity and neutralization potency of polyclonal serum antibodies and memory B-cell derived monoclonal antibodies (hMAbs) from individuals exposed to primary DENV infections. Most DENV-specific hMAbs were serotype cross-reactive and weakly neutralizing. Moreover, many hMAbs bound to the viral pre-membrane protein and other sites on the virus that were not preserved when the viral envelope protein was produced as a soluble, recombinant antigen (rE protein). Nonetheless, by modifying the screening procedure to detect rare antibodies that bound to rE, we were able to isolate and map human antibodies that strongly neutralized the homologous serotype of DENV. Our MAbs results indicate that, in these two individuals exposed to primary DENV infections, a small fraction of the total antibody response was responsible for virus neutralization.	19.020206451416016	19.380962371826172	10
In-silico immune cell deconvolution of the airway proteomes of infants with pneumonia reveals a link between reduced airway eosinophils and an increased risk of mortality. Rationale: Pneumonia is a leading cause of mortality in infants and young children. The mechanisms that lead to mortality in these children are poorly understood. Studies of the cellular immunology of the infant airway have traditionally been hindered by the limited sample volumes available from the young, frail children who are admitted to hospital with pneumonia. This is further compounded by the relatively low frequencies of certain immune cell phenotypes that are thought to be critical to the clinical outcome of pneumonia. To address this, we developed a novel in-silico deconvolution method for inferring the frequencies of immune cell phenotypes in the airway of children with different survival outcomes using proteomic data. Methods: Using high-resolution mass spectrometry, we identified > 1,000 proteins expressed in the airways of children who were admitted to hospital with clinical pneumonia. of these children were discharged from hospital and survived for more than days after discharge, while died during admission. We used machine learning by random forest to derive protein features that could be used to deconvolve immune cell phenotypes in paediatric airway samples. We applied these phenotype-specific signatures to identify airway-resident immune cell phenotypes that were differentially enriched by survival status and validated the findings using a large retrospective pneumonia cohort. We identified immune-cell phenotype classification features for immune cell types. Eosinophil-associated features were significantly elevated in airway samples obtained from pneumonia survivors and were downregulated in children who subsequently died. To confirm these results, we analyzed clinical parameters from >10,doi: bioRxiv preprint results of this retrospective analysis mirrored airway deconvolution data and showed that survivors had significantly elevated eosinophils at admission compared to fatal pneumonia. Using a proteomics bioinformatics approach, we identify airway eosinophils as a critical factor for pneumonia survival in infants and young children. doi: bioRxiv preprint 1ml of nasopharyngeal and oropharyngeal swab samples obtained from children was centrifuged at 17,000xg for minutes, after which l of the supernatant was removed and discarded. The remaining 200µl were split into two aliquots of 100µl each. The first aliquot was used for neutrophil phenotyping assays and the other was used for neutrophil phagocytosis assays. 20µl of a pre-constituted cocktail of the following antibodies (from ThermoFisher) was used to label both aliquots -CD45, CD16, CD14, CD3, CD19, HLA-DR, CD66b, CD11b and a Live-dead marker. With the exception of the live/dead marker, all other antibodies were diluted 1:100 in FACS buffer. The live/dead marker was prepared at a 1:1000 dilution in FACS buffer. For the phagocytosis assay tube, l of opsonised Escherichia coli (E.coli) was added to the tube (pHrodo Red E. coli BioParticles; ThermoFisher). The bacteria was initially prepared by mixing the E.coli strain with newborn calf sera followed by a 30-minute incubation at o C. After this step, both tubes were incubated at o C for minutes. After the incubation, l of a live-dead marker was added to each tube and incubated for minutes at o C. The reaction was stopped by adding l of 1X RBC lysis buffer followed by a 5-minute incubation. Cells in each tube were then spun down at 2,700xg for minute and the supernatant discarded. Cells were then washed twice with FACS buffer, after which l of FACS flow was added. Cells were then analysed immediately on a BD LSR Fortessa instrument. The following gating strategy was used to detect airway-resident neutrophils: Debris were excluded on the basis of their forward (FSC-A) and side (SSC-A) scatter characteristics, doublets were excluded using FSC-A versus FSC-H and dead cells were excluded using the live-dead marker.	-10.449285507202148	29.14652442932129	11
In-vivo targeted tagging of RNA isolates cell specific transcriptional responses to environmental stimuli and identifies liver-to-adipose RNA transfer 3. Bio-fluids contain various circulating cell-free RNA transcripts (ccfRNAs). The composition of these ccfRNAs varies between bio-fluids and constitute tantalizing biomarker candidates for several pathologies. ccfRNAs have also been demonstrated as mediators of cellular communication, yet little is known about their function in physiological and developmental settings and most works are limited to in-vitro studies. Here, we have developed iTAG-RNA, a novel method for the unbiased tagging of RNA transcripts in mice in-vivo. We used this method to isolate hepatocytes and kidney proximal epithelial cells-specific transcriptional response to a dietary challenge without interfering with the tissue architecture, and to identify multiple hepatocyte-secreted ccfRNAs in plasma. We also identified transfer of these hepatic derived ccfRNAs to adipose tissue, where they likely serve as a buffering mechanism to maintain cholesterol and lipid homeostasis. Our findings directly demonstrate in-vivo transfer of RNAs between tissues and highlight its implications for endocrine signaling and homeostasis. Little is known about the biological function of circulating cell-free RNAs (ccfRNA). Found to be associated with exosomes, lipoproteins, ribonucleoproteins and more, these transcripts can be isolated and sequenced from multiple bio-fluids such as plasma, lymph, cerebral fluids, breast milk and more [1, 2]. ccfRNAs are directly implicated in the development of several pathologies including cancer and obesity [3][4][5] and are intensively studied as disease biomarkers [6, 7]. Despite this, the role they play in physiological and developmental settings and in mediating cell-to-cell communication remains largely unknown. In-vitro, a growing number of works demonstrate the relevance of RNA based cellular communication [8][9][10][11], however in-vivo evidence is still limited. This discrepancy is partly due to the difficulties posed to tracking ccfRNAs from transcriptional source to potential sites of action in-vivo. Indeed the tools available to study ccfRNAs in physiological settings are limited and very few studies attempt to tackle this problem directly. One work found evidence to suggest that the majority of circulating miRNAs originate in adipose tissue and that some of the adipose derived miRNAs may play a role in the regulation of liver Fgf21 levels [12]. However, this work focuses on miRNA and does not directly demonstrate transfer of RNAs between tissues nor directly identify adipose secreted RNAs. Transfer of miRNAs was also demonstrated between epithelial cells of the caput epididymis to maturing spermatozoa, leading to a shift in sperm RNA content during its maturation [13]. This study made use of 4-thiouracil-tagging (TU-tagging) [14] combined with SLAM-Seq [15] to demonstrate loading of miRNAs transcribed in caput epididymis into maturing spermatozoa. TU-52 tagging entails cell-type specific expression of uracil phosphoribosyltransferase (UPRT) and administration of 4-thiouracil, with the assumption that only cells expressing UPRT would incorporate 4-thiouracil into transcribing RNA. Thio-RNA can then be purified and used for downstream gene expression analyses, or alternatively combined with SLAM-Seq to identify labeled transcripts. TU-tagging has proven useful in several additional systems [14, 16, 17], however, given endogenous [18] and alternative [19] pathways for uracil incorporation, the labeling specificity in this method remains unclear. In addition, as is demonstrated in Herzog et. al [15] and by Sharma et. al [13], labeling with TU-tagging of PolI and PolIII transcripts is inefficient, rendering tRNAs and ribosomal transcripts unlabeled. Indeed there are only a limited number of techniques enabling in-vivo targeted labeling of RNAs. In addition to TU-tagging, 5-ethynylcytosine-tagging (EC-tagging) [20] is a new method, which utilizes cell-type specific co-expression of cytosine deaminase (CD) with UPRT to achieve RNA labeling with 5-ethynyluridine (5EU) following administration of 5-ethynylcytosine. Both TU and EC tagging use cre-recombination to express the relevant enzymes in a tissue specific manner and stochastic expression from the cre-promoter may lead to unwanted expression of the enzymes in different tissues [21]. Finally, one recently developed method called Mime-seq allows for cell type specific labeling of microRNA [22]. In this method, tissue specific expression of a plant derived methyltransferase mediates a 3′-terminal 2′-O-methylation of microRNAs that, when combined with a methylation dependent library construction, allows for sequencing of tissue specific microRNAs. Mime-seq allows labeling of miRNAs alone leaving other RNA biotypes unlabeled. Given the need for a technique that allows for a Cre-independent and unbiased labeling of total RNA transcription in-vivo, we developed iTAG-RNA [For In-vivo Targeted Tagging of RNA]. This method incorporates mouse genetics with a novel uridine analog and an established RNA labeling chemistry to allow tagging of total RNA in target cells in-vivo. Using iTAG-RNA we are able to identify transcriptional re-programming of hepatocytes in-vivo following an acute high fat diet stress and to enrich for and identify hepatocyte derived plasma ccfRNAs. Moreover, we are able to identify RNA-based liver-to-adipose RNA transfer. These liver derived ccfRNAs include variable coding and non-coding RNAs such as miRNAs and tRNAs. Among the miRNAs transferred from liver to adipose tissue we find mir-33, mir-10b and mir130a, which target major regulators of cholesterol and lipid efflux and bio-synthesis such as Srebf1 [23], Abca1 [23, 24], Ppara [25] and Pparg [26] respectively. Our study demonstrates for the first time an unbiased technique that allows labelling, tracking and quantification of variable types of ccfRNAs from their transcriptional source to downstream tissues, in which they can potentially act to regulate expression of target genes. We demonstrate RNA-based liver-to-adipose transfer of a myriad of RNA transcripts and their response to an environmental challenge. The continued identification and characterization of RNA based signaling in-vivo is imperative for the understanding of developmental, physiological and pathological processes, and can aid in the future development of relevant disease biomarkers. Results . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	8.687009811401367	27.912439346313477	8
Increased Neurite Orientation-Dispersion and Density in the TgCRND8 Mouse Model of Amyloidosis: Inverse Relation with Functional Connectome Clustering and Modulation. Extracellular β-amyloid (Aβ) plaque deposits and inflammatory immune activation are thought to alter various aspects of tissue microstructure, such as extracellular free water, fractional anisotropy and diffusivity, as well as the density and geometric arrangement of axonal processes. Quantifying these microstructural changes in Alzheimer's disease and related neurodegenerative dementias could serve to accurately monitor or predict disease course. In the present study we used high-field diffusion magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI) to determine how Aβ and inflammatory interleukin-6 (IL6), alone or in combination, affect in vivo tissue microstructure in the TgCRND8 mouse model of Alzheimer's-type Aβ deposition. TgCRND8 and non-transgenic (nTg) mice expressing brain-targeted IL6 or enhanced glial fibrillary protein (EGFP controls) were scanned at months of age using a 2-shell, 54-gradient direction dMRI sequence at 11.1 Tesla. Images were processed using the free water elimination method and the neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging (NODDI) model. DTI and NODDI processing in TgCRND8 mice revealed a microstructure pattern consistent with reduced white matter integrity along with an increase in density and geometric complexity of axonal and dendritic processes. This included reduced FA, mean diffusivity (MD), and free water (FW), and increased 'neurite' density (NDI) and orientation dispersion (ODI). IL6 produced a 'protective-like' effect on FA in TgCRND8 mice, although there were minimal microstructure changes in these mice compared IL6 expressing nTg mice. In addition, we found that NDI and ODI had an inverse relationship with the functional connectome clustering coefficient, which was affected by Aβ and IL6. The relationship between NODDI and graph theory metrics suggests that increasing the density and orientation dispersion of neurites may relate to diminished functional network organization in the brain.	12.344429969787598	38.8720588684082	11
Incubation Period and Other Epidemiological Characteristics of Novel Coronavirus Infections with Right Truncation: A Statistical Analysis of Publicly Available Case Data. The geographic spread of novel coronavirus infections from the epicenter of Wuhan, China, has provided an opportunity to study the natural history of the recently emerged virus. Using publicly available event-date data from the ongoing epidemic, the present study investigated the incubation period and other time intervals that govern the epidemiological dynamics of COVID-19 infections. Our results show that the incubation period falls within the range of 2-14 days with 95% confidence and has a mean of around days when approximated using the best-fit lognormal distribution. The mean time from illness onset to hospital admission (for treatment and/or isolation) was estimated at 3-4 days without truncation and at 5-9 days when right truncated. Based on the 95th percentile estimate of the incubation period, we recommend that the length of quarantine should be at least days. The median time delay of days from illness onset to death (17 days with right truncation) should be considered when estimating the COVID-19 case fatality risk.	-10.768028259277344	-30.74651336669922	2
Indications for healthcare surge capacity in European countries facing an exponential increase in COVID19 cases. European healthcare systems face rapidly increasing pressure from COVID-19. We calculated pressures on EU healthcare systems by relating both country-specific accumulated COVID-19 deaths (intensityapproach) and active COVID-19 cases (magnitude-approach) to various estimates of hospital beds. On March -relative to Italy on March 11-we found Spain, Luxembourg, Switzerland and France to experience the highest pressure using the intensity-approach, versus Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Spain, Switzerland and Slovenia using the magnitude approach.	-5.367373943328857	-31.493656158447266	2
Individual and temporal variation in pathogen load predicts long- term impacts of an emerging infectious disease. Emerging infectious diseases increasingly threaten wildlife populations. Most studies focus on managing short-term epidemic properties, such as controlling early outbreaks. Predicting long-term endemic characteristics with limited retrospective data is more challenging. We used individual-based modelling informed by individual variation in pathogen load and transmissibility to predict long-term impacts of a lethal, transmissible cancer on Tasmanian devil (Sarcophilus harrisii) populations. For this, we employed Approximate Bayesian Computation to identify model scenarios that best matched known epidemiological and demographic system properties derived from ten years of data after disease emergence, enabling us to forecast future system dynamics. We show that the dramatic devil population declines observed thus far are likely attributable to transient dynamics. Only 21% of matching scenarios led to devil extinction within years following devil facial tumour disease (DFTD) introduction, whereas DFTD faded out in 57% of simulations. In the remaining 22% of simulations, disease and host coexisted for at least years, usually with long-period oscillations. Our findings show that pathogen extirpation or host-pathogen coexistence are much more likely than the DFTD-induced devil extinction, with crucial management ramifications. Accounting for individual-level disease progression and the long-42 term outcome of devil-DFTD interactions at the population-level, our findings suggest that immediate management interventions are unlikely to be necessary to ensure the persistence of Tasmanian devil populations. This is because strong population declines of devils after disease emergence do not necessarily translate into long-term population declines at equilibria. Our modelling approach is widely applicable to other host-pathogen systems to predict disease impact beyond transient dynamics.	-15.146366119384766	-17.548908233642578	5
Infectious bronchitis virus regulates cellular stress granule signaling 1. Viruses must hijack cellular translation machinery to efficiently express viral genes. In many cases, this is impeded by cellular stress responses. These stress responses swiftly relocate and repurpose translation machinery, resulting in global inhibition of translation and the aggregation of stalled 48S mRNPs into cytoplasmic foci called stress granules. This results in translational silencing of all mRNAs excluding those beneficial for the cell to resolve the specific stress. For example, expression of antiviral factors is maintained during viral infection. Here we investigated stress granule regulation by Gammacoronavirus infectious bronchitis virus (IBV), which causes the economically important poultry disease, infectious bronchitis. Interestingly, we found that IBV is able to inhibit multiple cellular stress granule signaling pathways whilst at the same time IBV replication also results in induction of seemingly canonical stress granules in a proportion of infected cells. Moreover, IBV infection uncouples translational repression and stress granule formation and both processes are independent of eIF2α phosphorylation. These results provide novel insights into how IBV modulates cellular translation and antiviral stress signaling. Cells, viruses and reagents Vero cells were maintained in 1x Eagle's modified essential medium (Sigma) supplemented with 1x L-glutamine (Gibco) and 10% fetal bovine serum (Sigma). Recombinant IBV strain BeauR has been described previously (Britton et al., 2005). Inactivated IBV was generated by treatment with binary ethylenimine (BEI). Briefly, virus was incubated in 0.1 M BEI for hours at o C followed by inactivation of BEI by addition of M sodium thiosulfate. Inactivation of virus was confirmed by RT-qPCR following infection of cells. Sodium arsenite, cycloheximide, puromycin and emetine were purchased from Sigma.	0.35554349422454834	29.930490493774414	12
Inference and control of the nosocomial transmission of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is a continued threat to human health in both community and healthcare settings. In hospitals, control efforts would benefit from accurate estimation of asymptomatic colonization and infection importation rates from the community. However, developing such estimates remains challenging due to limited observation of colonization and complicated transmission dynamics within hospitals and the community. Here, we develop an inference framework that can estimate these key quantities by combining statistical filtering techniques, an agent-based model, and real-world patient-to-patient contact networks, and use this framework to infer nosocomial transmission and infection importation over an outbreak spanning years in Swedish hospitals. In particular, we identify a small number of patients with disproportionately high risk of colonization. In retrospective control experiments, interventions targeted to these individuals yield a substantial improvement over heuristic strategies informed by number of contacts, length of stay and contact tracing.	-18.56279182434082	-19.819849014282227	2
Inferring generation-interval distributions from contact-tracing data. Generation intervals, defined as the time between when an individual is infected and when that individual infects another person, link two key quantities that describe an epidemic: the reproductive number, R, and the rate of exponential growth, r. Generation intervals are often measured through contact tracing by identifying who infected whom. We study how observed intervals differ from "intrinsic" intervals that could be estimated by tracing individual-level infectiousness, and identify both spatial and temporal effects, including cen-19 soring (due to observation time), and the effects of susceptible depletion at various spatial scales. Early in an epidemic, we expect the variation in the observed generation intervals to be mainly driven by the censoring and the population structure near the source of disease spread; therefore, we predict that correcting observed intervals for the effect of temporal censoring but not for spatial effects will provide a spatially informed "effective" generation-24 interval distribution, which will correctly link r and R. We develop and test statistical methods for temporal corrections of generation intervals, and confirm our prediction using individual-based simulations on an empirical network. An epidemic can be characterized by the exponential growth rate, r, and the reproductive number, R. The reproductive number, defined as the average number of secondary cases arising from a primary case, is of particular interest as it provides information about the final size of an epidemic (1; 2). However, estimating the reproductive number directly from disease natural history requires detailed knowledge which is not often available, particularly early in an outbreak (3). Instead, the reproductive number can be indirectly estimated from the exponential growth rate, which can be estimated from incidence data (4; 5; 6; 7; 8). These two quantities are linked by generation-interval distributions (9; 10; 11; 12; 13). A generation interval is defined as the time between when a person becomes infected and when that person infects another person (10). Due to individual variation in infection time, the observed generation-interval distribution can change depending on when and how it is measured (10; 14; 15; 16). There are important distinctions to be made when estimating generation intervals: intrinsic generation intervals measure the infectiousness of an infected individual, while observed generation intervals refer to the time between actual infection events. While the intrinsic generation-interval distribution is often assumed to be fixed, the shape of the observed generation-interval distribution depends on when and how intervals are measured (14; 15; 17; 16; 18). When an epidemic is growing exponentially, as often occurs near the beginning of an outbreak, the number of newly infected individuals will be large relative to the number infected earlier on. A susceptible individual is thus relatively more likely to be infected by a newly infected individual. Thus, "backward" generation intervals (which look at a cohort of individuals, and ask when their infectors were infected) will be shorter on average than intrinsic generation intervals -the converse is true when an epidemic is subsiding (15; 16; 18). In practice, generation intervals are often measured by aggregating available information from contact tracing. While an epidemic is ongoing, these measurements are "censored": we don't know what happens after the observation time. These censored intervals are similar to backward intervals: there is a bias towards observing shorter intervals, which are more likely to have concluded by the observation time. Realized generation intervals are also affected by spatial structure. In a population that does not mix homogeneously, susceptibility will tend to decrease more quickly in the neighbourhood of infected individuals than in the general population. This means that contacts made late in an individual's infection are more likely to be ineffective due to contacts that were made earlier (because the contactee may have been infected already) As a result, realized generation intervals will have shorter mean than the intrinsic generation-interval distribution. This perspective allows us to reinterpret the finding of (19) that, given an intrinsic generation interval and an observed growth rate, the reproductive number on various network structures is always smaller on a network than would be predicted from homogeneous mixing. These observations allow us to make the following prediction: removing the time-70 censoring bias from observed generation intervals will yield a spatially corrected "effective" distribution that contains information about the population structure and will allow us to	-13.701624870300293	-15.822830200195312	5
Inferring the number of COVID-19 cases from recently reported deaths Centre for the Mathematical Modelling of Infectious Diseases COVID-19 Working Group. We estimate the number of COVID-19 cases from newly reported deaths in a population without previous reports. Our results suggest that by the time a single death occurs, hundreds to thousands of cases are likely to be present in that population. This suggests containment via contact tracing will be challenging at this point, and other response strategies should be considered. Our approach is implemented in a publicly available, userfriendly, online tool. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint . We applied our approach to three countries which recently reported their first COVID-19 deaths (Spain, Italy, and France), using the same range of parameters as in the single-death analysis. In order to compare predictions to cases actually reported in these countries, projections were run until 4th March. Overall, predictions from the model using the baseline scenario (R = 2, CRF = 2%) were in line with reported epidemic sizes (Table 2). Results from other scenarios are presented in the Supplementary Material. Actual numbers of reported cases fell within the 50% quantile intervals of simulations in all three countries Italy (median: ; QI50%: [390 ; 034]; reported: 037), France (median: ; QI50%: [177 ; 705]; reported: 190) and Spain, (median: ; QI50%: [95 ; 823]; reported 202). CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.23257064819336	-31.355148315429688	2
Inferring the presence of aflatoxin-producing Aspergillus flavus strains using RNA sequencing and electronic probes as a transcriptomic screening tool 6. E-probe Diagnostic for Nucleic acid Analysis (EDNA) is a bioinformatic tool originally developed to detect plant pathogens in metagenomic databases. However, enhancements made to EDNA increased its capacity to conduct hypothesis directed detection of specific gene targets present in transcriptomic databases. To target specific pathogenicity factors used by the pathogen to infect its host or other targets of interest, e-probes need to be developed for transcripts related to that function. In this study, EDNA transcriptomics (EDNAtran) was developed to detect the expression of genes related to aflatoxin production at the transcriptomic level. E-probes were designed from genes up-regulated during A. flavus aflatoxin production. EDNAtran detected gene transcripts related to aflatoxin production in a transcriptomic database from corn, where aflatoxin was produced. The results were significantly different from e-probes being used in the transcriptomic database where aflatoxin was not produced (atoxigenic AF36 strain and toxigenic AF70 in Potato Dextrose Broth). Maize [1], peanuts [2], tree nuts, dried spices [3] and cottonseed [4] are crops that can be infected during the pre-harvest, post-harvest and/or storage period with Aspergillus flavus Link. This fungus produces polyketide secondary metabolites named aflatoxins.	-2.7377376556396484	-8.584129333496094	6
Inflammation induced by influenza virus impairs innate control of human pneumococcal carriage 2. Secondary bacterial pneumonia following influenza infection is a significant cause of mortality worldwide. Upper respiratory tract pneumococcal carriage is important as both determinants of disease and population transmission. The immunological mechanisms that contain pneumococcal carriage are well-studied in mice but remain unclear in humans. Loss of this control of carriage following influenza infection is associated with secondary bacterial pneumonia during seasonal and pandemic outbreaks. We used a human type 6B pneumococcal challenge model to show that carriage acquisition induces early degranulation of resident neutrophils and recruitment of monocytes to the nose. Monocyte function associated with clearance of pneumococcal carriage. Prior nasal infection with live attenuated influenza virus induced inflammation, impaired innate function and altered genome-wide nasal gene responses to pneumococcal carriage. Levels of the cytokine IP-10 promoted by viral infection at the time of pneumococcal encounter was positively associated with bacterial density. These findings provide novel insights in nasal immunity to pneumococcus and viral-bacterial interactions during co-infection. Main Pneumonia is a major global health problem; it kills more children under years of age than any other disease . The burden of disease is aggravated by old age, chronic lung disease, immunosupression and viral co-infection. Secondary pneumonia following pandemic and seasonal influenza virus infection is a significant cause of mortality worldwide . Nasopharyngeal carriage of Streptococcus pneumoniae (Spn, pneumococcus) is common with 40-41 95% of infants and 10-25% of adults colonised at any time . Carriage is important as the pre-42 requisite of infection , the primary reservoir for transmission and the predominant source of immunising exposure and immunological boosting in both children and adults 6,7 .	19.1782283782959	-8.329710960388184	7
Influence of different glycoproteins and of the virion core on SERINC5 antiviral activity. Host plasma membrane protein SERINC5 is incorporated into budding retrovirus particles where it blocks subsequent entry into susceptible target cells. Three accessory proteins encoded by diverse retroviruses, HIV-1 Nef, EIAV S2, and MLV Glycogag, each independently disrupt SERINC5 antiviral activity, by redirecting SERINC5 from the site of virion assembly on the plasma membrane to an internal RAB7 + endosomal compartment. Pseudotyping retroviruses with particular glycoproteins, e.g., the vesicular stomatitis glycoprotein (VSV G), renders the infectivity of particles resistant to inhibition by virion-associated SERINC5. To better understand viral determinants for SERINC5-sensitivity, the effect of SERINC5 was assessed using HIV-1, MLV, and M-PMV virion cores, pseudotyped with glycoproteins from Arenavirus, Coronavirus, Filovirus, Rhabdovirus, Paramyxovirus, and Orthomyxovirus genera. Infectivity of particles, pseudotyped with HIV-1, amphotropic-MLV, or influenza virus glycoproteins, was decreased by SERINC5, whether the core was provided by HIV-1, MLV, or M-PMV. Particles generated by all three cores, and pseudotyped with glycoproteins from either avian leukosis virus-A, human endogenous retrovirus K (HERV-K), ecotropic-MLV, HTLV-1, Measles morbillivirus, lymphocytic choriomeningitis mammarenavirus (LCMV), Marburg virus, Ebola virus, severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus (SARS-CoV), or VSV, were insensitive to SERINC5. In contrast, particles pseudotyped with M-PMV, RD114, or rabies virus (RABV) glycoproteins were sensitive to SERINC5, but only with particular retroviral cores. Resistance to SERINC5 by particular glycoproteins did not correlate with reduced SERINC5 incorporation into particles or with the route of viral entry. These findings indicate that some non-retroviruses may be sensitive to SERINC5 and that, in addition to the viral glycoprotein, the retroviral core influences sensitivity to SERINC5.	4.299330234527588	21.46217918395996	12
Influenza A Virus Entry Inhibitors Targeting the Hemagglutinin. Influenza A virus (IAV) has caused seasonal influenza epidemics and influenza pandemics, which resulted in serious threat to public health and socioeconomic impacts. Until now, only drugs belong to two categories are used for prophylaxis and treatment of IAV infection. Hemagglutinin (HA), the envelope glycoprotein of IAV, plays a critical role in viral binding, fusion and entry. Therefore, HA is an attractive target for developing anti-IAV drugs to block the entry step of IAV infection. Here we reviewed the recent progress in the study of conformational changes of HA during viral fusion process and the development of HA-based IAV entry inhibitors, which may provide a new choice for controlling future influenza pandemics.	15.660985946655273	18.898921966552734	4
Influenza A virus surface proteins are organized to help penetrate host mucus. Influenza A virus (IAV) enters cells by binding to sialic acid on the cell surface. To accomplish this while avoiding immobilization by sialic acid in host mucus, viruses rely on a balance between the receptor-binding protein hemagglutinin (HA) and the receptor-cleaving protein neuraminidase (NA). Although genetic aspects of this balance are well-characterized, little is known about how the spatial organization of these proteins in the viral envelope may contribute. Using site-specific fluorescent labeling and super-resolution microscopy, we show that HA and NA are asymmetrically distributed on the surface of filamentous viruses, creating an organization of binding and cleaving activities that causes viruses to step consistently away from their NA-rich pole. This Brownian ratchet-like diffusion produces persistent directional mobility that resolves the virus's conflicting needs to both penetrate mucus and stably attach to the underlying cells, and could contribute to the prevalence of the filamentous phenotype in clinical isolates of IAV.	6.313043117523193	23.947269439697266	12
Infrared assessment of human facial temperature in the presence and absence of common cosmetics. Using a sensitive research-grade infrared camera, we find that common facial cosmetics and lotions mask skin temperature in assays of the human forehead. We test a family of commonly-used cosmetic products and find that volatile liquids and creams lower thermal skin temperature by at least C for up to 5-10 min and at least C for up to min, respectively. Powder and cream that contains brightening agent lower indefinitely the skin temperature sensed by infrared camera. With the qualification that these experiments were performed in a controlled laboratory setting rather than the mass crowd screening environment where infrared temperature sensing of humans sees widespread use, our tests suggest that for human subjects whose face was treated with certain cosmetics and lotions, infrared-based screening for elevated facial temperature (fever) can be unreliable.	-26.804750442504883	-17.817398071289062	11
Inhibition of arterivirus RNA synthesis by cyclophilin inhibitors is counteracted by mutations in replicase transmembrane subunits 5. Previously, the cyclophilin inhibitors cyclosporin A (CsA) and Alisporivir (ALV) were shown to inhibit the replication of diverse RNA viruses, including arteriviruses and coronaviruses, which both belong to the order Nidovirales. Here we aimed to identify arterivirus proteins involved in the mode-28 of-action of cyclophilin inhibitors and to investigate how these compounds inhibit arterivirus RNA synthesis in the infected cell. Repeated passaging of the arterivirus prototype equine arteritis virus (EAV) in the presence of CsA revealed that reduced drug sensitivity is associated with the emergence of adaptive mutations in nonstructural protein (nsp5), one of the transmembrane subunits of the arterivirus replicase polyprotein. Introduction of singular nsp5 mutations (nsp5 Q21R, Y113H, or A134V) led to a ~2-fold decrease in sensitivity to CsA treatment, whereas combinations of mutations further increased EAV's CsA resistance. The detailed experimental characterization of engineered EAV mutants harboring CsA-resistance mutations implicated nsp5 in arterivirus RNA synthesis. Particularly, in an in vitro assay, EAV RNA synthesis was far less sensitive to CsA treatment when nsp5 contained the adaptive mutations mentioned above. Interestingly, for increased sensitivity to the closely-related drug ALV CsA-resistant nsp5 mutants required the incorporation of an additional adaptive mutation, which resided in nsp2 (H114R), another transmembrane subunit of the arterivirus replicase. Our study provides the first evidence for the involvement of nsp2 and nsp5 in the mechanism underlying the inhibition of arterivirus replication by cyclophilin inhibitors.	0.7396125793457031	21.762672424316406	12
Insights into Cross-species Evolution of Novel Human Coronavirus 2019-nCoV and Defining Immune Determinants for Vaccine Development. Novel Coronavirus (nCoV) outbreak in the city of Wuhan, China during December 2019, has now spread to various countries across the globe triggering a heightened containment effort. This human pathogen is a member of betacoronavirus genus carrying kilobase of single positive-sense RNA genome. Understanding the evolution, zoonotic transmission, and source of this novel virus would help accelerating containment and prevention efforts. The present study reported detailed analysis of 2019-nCoV genome evolution and potential candidate peptides for vaccine development. This nCoV genotype might have been evolved from a bat-CoV by accumulating non-synonymous mutations, indels, and recombination events. Structural proteins Spike (S), and Membrane (M) had extensive mutational changes, whereas Envelope (E) and Nucleocapsid (N) proteins were very conserved suggesting differential selection pressures exerted on 2019-nCoV during evolution. Interestingly, 2019-nCoV Spike protein contains a nucleotide sequence insertion relative to SARSlike bat-SL-CoVZC45/2017. Furthermore, we identified eight high binding affinity (HBA) CD4 T-cell epitopes in the S, E, M and N proteins, which can be commonly recognized by HLA-DR alleles of Asia and Asia-Pacific Region population. These immunodominant epitopes can be incorporated in universal subunit CoV vaccine. Diverse HLA types and variations in the epitope binding affinity may contribute to the wide range of immunopathological outcomes of circulating virus in humans. Our findings emphasize the requirement for continuous surveillance of CoV strains in live animal markets to better understand the viral adaptation to human host and to develop practical solutions to prevent the emergence of novel pathogenic CoV strains.	7.87680196762085	9.620014190673828	4
Insights into the Roles of Cyclophilin A During Influenza Virus Infection. Cyclophilin A (CypA) is the main member of the immunophilin superfamily that has peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase activity. CypA participates in protein folding, cell signaling, inflammation and tumorigenesis. Further, CypA plays critical roles in the replication of several viruses. Upon influenza virus infection, CypA inhibits viral replication by interacting with the M1 protein. In addition, CypA is incorporated into the influenza virus virions. Finally, Cyclosporin A (CsA), the main inhibitor of CypA, inhibits influenza virus replication through CypA-dependent and -independent pathways. This review briefly summarizes recent advances in understanding the roles of CypA during influenza virus infection.	-0.042657021433115005	31.68471908569336	12
Insufficiency in airway interferon activation defines clinical severity to infant RSV infection. Running Title: Airway IFN Signaling in RSV Infection. Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is the leading cause of severe respiratory disease in infants. Other than age at the time of infection, the causes and correlates of severe illness in infants lacking known risk factors are poorly defined. We recruited a cohort of confirmed RSV-infected infants and simultaneously assayed the presence of resident airway microbiota and the molecular status of their airways using a novel method. Rigorous statistical analyses identified a molecular airway gene expression signature of severe illness dominated by excessive chemokine expression. Global 16S rRNA sequencing confirmed an association between H. influenzae and clinical severity. Interestingly, adjusting for H. influenzae in our gene expression analysis revealed an association between severity and airway lymphocyte accumulation. Exploring the relationship between airway gene expression and the time of onset of clinical symptoms revealed a robust, acute activation of interferon (IFN) signaling, which was absent in subjects with severe illness. Finally, we explored the relationship between IFN activity, airway gene expression and productive RSV infection using a novel in vitro model of bona fide pediatric human airway epithelial cells. Interestingly, blocking IFN signaling, but not IFN ligand production, in these cells leads to increased viral infection. Our data reveal that acute airway interferon responses are physiologically relevant in the context of infant RSV infection and may be a target for therapeutic intervention. Additionally, the airway gene expression signature we define may be useful as a biomarker for efficacy of intervention responses.	12.97912883758545	26.056041717529297	0
Integrated sequence and immunology filovirus database at Los Alamos. authors contributed equally to this work. Citation details: Yusim,K., Yoon,H., Foley,B. et al. Integrated sequence and immunology filovirus database at Los Alamos. The Ebola outbreak of 2013-15 infected more than people and claimed more lives than all previous filovirus outbreaks combined. Governmental agencies, clinical teams, and the world scientific community pulled together in a multifaceted response ranging from prevention and disease control, to evaluating vaccines and therapeutics in human trials. As this epidemic is finally coming to a close, refocusing on long-term prevention strategies becomes paramount. Given the very real threat of future filovirus outbreaks, and the inherent uncertainty of the next outbreak virus and geographic location, it is prudent to consider the extent and implications of known natural diversity in advancing vaccines and therapeutic approaches. To facilitate such consideration, we have updated and enhanced the content of the filovirus portion of Los Alamos Hemorrhagic Fever Viruses Database. We have integrated and performed baseline analysis of all family Filoviridae sequences deposited into GenBank, with associated immune response data, and metadata, and we have added new computational tools with web-interfaces to assist users with analysis. Here, we (i) describe the main features of updated database, (ii) provide integrated views and some basic analyses summarizing evolutionary patterns as they relate to geo-temporal data captured in the database and (iii) highlight the most conserved regions in the proteome that may be useful for a T cell vaccine strategy. Database URL: www.hfv.lanl.gov	-10.08012580871582	-6.256769180297852	6
Integrative Bioinformatics Analysis Provides Insight into the Molecular Mechanisms of 2019-nCoV. The 2019-nCoV is reported to share the same entry (ACE2) as SARS-CoV according to the updated findings. Analyzing the distribution and expression level of the route of coronavirus may help reveal underlying mechanisms of viral susceptibility and post-infection modulation. In this study, we found that the expression of ACE2 in healthy populations and patients with underlying diseases was not significantly different, suggesting relatively similar susceptibility. Besides, based on the expression of ACE2 in smoking individuals, we inferred that long-term smoking might be a risk factor for 2019-nCoV. Analyzing the ACE2 in SARS-CoV infected cells suggested that ACE2 was more than just a receptor but also participated in post-infection regulation, including immune response, cytokine secretion, and viral genome replication. Moreover, we also constructed Protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks and identified hub genes in viral activity and cytokine secretion. Our findings may explain the clinical symptoms so far and help clinicians and researchers understand the pathogenesis and design therapeutic strategies for 2019-nCoV. : medRxiv preprint GO biological process annotation gmt file was downloaded from MSigDB GSEA was performed to analyze the possible biological processes related to ACE2 in healthy people using clusterProfiler (12) . The parameters were nPerm = 1000, minGSSize = 10, maxGSSize = 500, the biological processes with p-value < 0.05 were considered significant. GSVA was performed using GSVA R package. The immune infiltrating was quantified using the ssGSEA method in GSVA R package. The gene list for immune cells was derived from Bindea G et al.(13). All viral-related biological process and cytokine secretion-biological process proteins were extracted from the gmt file, Cytoscape v3.7.2 was used to construct the PPI network using BisoGenet application, the PPI sources include DIP, BIOGRID, HPRD, INTACT, MINT and BIND. And the nodes with topological importance in the interaction network were screened by calculating Degree Centrality (DC) with the Cytoscape plugin CytoNCA. Hub proteins were identified using Cytoscape plugin CytoHubba.	-13.28400707244873	5.7118000984191895	6
Interferon-Stimulated Gene Conjugation Stimulates Hepatitis B Virus Production Independent of Type I Interferon Signaling Pathway In Vitro. Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is an important account of infectious hepatitis and interferon (IFN) remains one of the best treatment options. Activation of type I IFN signaling pathway leads to expressions of IFN-stimulated genes (ISGs) which play important roles in antiviral and immunomodulatory responses to HBV or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. Our previous studies indicated that ISG15 and its conjugation (ISGylation) were exploited by HCV to benefit its replication and persistent infection. This study was designed to assess the role of ISG15 and ISGylation in HBV infection in vitro. The levels of ISG15 and ISGylation were upregulated by ISG15 plasmid transfection into HepG2.2.15 cells. Decreased ISGylation was achieved by siRNA targeting UBE1L, the only E1 activating enzyme for ISGylation. Overexpression of ISG15 and subsequent ISGylation significantly increased the levels of HBV DNA in the culture supernatants although the intracellular viral replication remained unaffected. Silencing UBE1L, with decreased ISGylation achieved, abrogated this ISGylation-mediated promoting effect. Our data indicated that overexpression of ISG15 stimulated HBV production in an ISGylation-dependent manner. Identification of ISG15-conjugated proteins (either HBV viral or host proteins) may reveal promising candidates for further antiviral drug development.	0.9440199732780457	31.0865535736084	0
Interferon-induced proteins with tetratricopeptide repeats (IFITs) are highly expressed during the cell-intrinsic immune response to viral infection. IFIT1 inhibits translation by binding directly to the 5' end of foreign RNAs, particularly those with non-self cap structures, precluding the recruitment of the cap-binding eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4F and subsequent 40S recruitment. Interaction of different IFIT family members is well described, but little is known of the molecular basis of IFIT association or its impact on function. Here, we reconstituted different complexes of IFIT1, IFIT2 and IFIT3 in vitro, which enabled us to reveal critical aspects of IFIT complex assembly. IFIT1 interacts rapidly and strongly with IFIT3 forming a stable heterotetramer. IFIT2 and IFIT3 homodimers dissociate to form a more stable heterodimer that associates with IFIT1, forming an IFIT1:IFIT2:IFIT3 trimer. Site-directed mutagenesis revealed a C-terminal 'YxxxL' motif in IFIT1 that mediates its association with IFIT3. Using various reporter mRNAs, we demonstrate for the first time that IFIT3 stabilises IFIT1 binding to cap0-mRNA and enhances its translation inhibition activity. Disrupting the binding interface between IFIT1 and IFIT3 abrogated this enhancement. This work reveals molecular aspects of IFIT assembly and provides an important 'missing link' between IFIT interaction and function. doi: bioRxiv preprint PCR amplified to contain 5' NdeI and 3' XhoI restriction sites for cloning into pET28b (Novagen) producing a full-length protein with thrombin cleavable N-terminal 6-His tag. For reporter RNA transcription, the firefly luciferase reporter gene (Fluc) was PCR amplified using primers containing the 5' UTR and 3' UTR sequences of human -globin (NM_000518.4), including a 5' T7 promotor and EcoRI and PstI sites to facilitate cloning into pUC57. pUC57-ZIKV-Fluc was previously described (30). Recombinant IFITs were expressed in Rosetta (DE3) pLysS (Novagen). Cells were grown to an OD600 of approximately in 2x TY media at C. Expression was induced by adding mM isopropyl β-D-1thiogalactopyranoside. The induced culture was incubated at C for hours. Cells were harvested and lysed in a buffer containing mM Tris-Cl pH 7.5, mM KCl, % glycerol, mM DTT and 0.5 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride and 0.5 mg/ml lysozyme (from hen egg). IFITs were isolated by affinity chromatography on Ni-NTA Agarose beads (Qiagen). IFIT1 and IFIT1 mutants were additionally purified by FPLC on MonoQ (Q buffer: mM Tris-Cl pH 7.5, % glycerol, mM DTT and 100-500 mM KCl), followed by MonoS 5/50 GL (S buffer: mM HEPES pH 7.5, % glycerol, mM DTT and 100-500 mM KCl). IFIT2 and IFIT3 were treated with thrombin (from bovine plasma).	-7.024979591369629	27.677257537841797	12
Interferon-γ Inhibits Ebola Virus Infection. Ebola virus outbreaks, such as the Makona epidemic in West Africa, are episodic and deadly. Filovirus antivirals are currently not clinically available. Our findings suggest interferon gamma, an FDA-approved drug, may serve as a novel and effective prophylactic or treatment option. Using mouse-adapted Ebola virus, we found that murine interferon gamma administered hours before or after infection robustly protects lethally-challenged mice and reduces morbidity and serum viral titers. Furthermore, we demonstrated that interferon gamma profoundly inhibits Ebola virus infection of macrophages, an early cellular target of infection. As early as six hours following in vitro infection, Ebola virus RNA levels in interferon gamma-treated macrophages were lower than in infected, untreated cells. Addition of the protein synthesis inhibitor, cycloheximide, to interferon gamma-treated macrophages did not further reduce viral RNA levels, suggesting that interferon gamma blocks life cycle events that require protein synthesis such as virus replication. Microarray studies with interferon gamma-treated human macrophages identified more than interferon-stimulated genes. Ectopic expression of a select group of these genes inhibited Ebola virus infection. These studies provide new potential avenues for antiviral targeting as these genes that have not previously appreciated to inhibit negative strand RNA viruses and specifically Ebola virus infection. As treatment of interferon gamma robustly protects mice from lethal Ebola virus infection, we propose that interferon gamma should be further evaluated for its efficacy as a prophylactic and/or therapeutic strategy against filoviruses. Use of this FDAapproved drug could rapidly be deployed during future outbreaks. Filovirus outbreaks occur sporadically, but with increasing frequency. With no current approved filovirus therapeutics, the Makona Ebola virus epidemic in Guinea, Sierra PLOS Pathogens |	13.48928451538086	21.23773193359375	10
International travelers and genomics uncover a 'hidden' Zika outbreak. The ongoing Zika epidemic in the Americas has challenged public health surveillance, response, and control systems. Even as the epidemic appears to be near its end in the Americas, it is unclear whether substantial Zika virus transmission may still be ongoing. This issue is exacerbated by large discrepancies in local case reporting and significant delays in detecting outbreaks due to surveillance gaps. To uncover locations with lingering outbreaks in the Americas, we investigated travel-associated Zika cases diagnosed in the United States and Europe to identify signatures of transmission dynamics that were not captured by local reporting. We found that a large and unreported Zika outbreak occurred in Cuba during 2017, a year after peak transmission in neighboring countries, with cases still appearing in 2018. By sequencing Zika virus from infected travelers, we show that the outbreak in Cuba was sparked by longlived lineages of Zika virus introduced from multiple places in the Americas a year prior. Our data suggest that while aggressive mosquito control in Cuba may initially have been effective at mitigating Zika virus transmission, in the absence of vaccines, herd immunity, or strong international coordination, such control measures may need to be maintained to be effective. Our study highlights how Zika virus may still be 'silently' spreading in the Americas and provides a framework for more accurately understanding outbreak dynamics.	-15.176249504089355	-28.97007942199707	2
Interpretable detection of novel human viruses from genome sequencing data. Viruses evolve extremely quickly, so reliable methods for viral host prediction are necessary to safeguard biosecurity and biosafety alike. Novel human-infecting viruses are difficult to detect with standard bioinformatics workflows. Here, we predict whether a virus can infect humans directly from next-generation sequencing reads. We show that deep neural architectures significantly outperform both shallow machine learning and standard, homology-based algorithms, cutting the error rates in half and generalizing to taxonomic units distant from those presented during training. We propose a new approach for convolutional filter visualization to disentangle the information content of each nucleotide from its contribution to the final classification decision. Nucleotide-resolution maps of the learned associations between pathogen genomes and the infectious phenotype can be used to detect virulencerelated genes in novel agents, as we show here for the 2019-nCoV coronavirus, unknown before it caused a pneumonia outbreak in December 2019.	-7.479623317718506	0.35437634587287903	6
Intestinal microbiota and chronic constipation. Chronic constipation is a prevalent, burdensome gastrointestinal disorder whose aetiology and pathophysiology remains poorly understood and is most likely multifactorial. Differences in the composition of the intestinal microbiota have been demonstrated when constipated patients and healthy controls have been compared. Growing evidence indicates that alterations of intestinal microbiota may contribute to constipation and constipation-related symptoms. The intestinal microbiota is a collection of microorganisms that live within the gastrointestinal tract, and perform many important health-promoting functions. The intestinal microbiota aids in the breakdown of food products into absorbable nutrients, stimulates the host immune system, prevents growth of pathogenic bacteria and produces a great variety of biologically important compounds. In this review, we will summarize the current evidence supporting roles of the intestinal microbiota in the pathogenesis and management of chronic constipation. The discussion will shed light on the novel mechanisms of intestinal microbiota and gut function interactions, which is invaluable in ultimately developing new therapeutic tools for the treatment of chronic constipation. which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	-2.7093284130096436	44.613121032714844	11
Intracellular sensing of viral genomes and viral evasion. During viral infection, virus-derived cytosolic nucleic acids are recognized by host intracellular specific sensors. The efficacy of this recognition system is crucial for triggering innate host defenses, which then stimulate more specific adaptive immune responses against the virus. Recent studies show that signal transduction pathways activated by sensing proteins are positively or negatively regulated by many modulators to maintain host immune homeostasis. However, viruses have evolved several strategies to counteract/evade host immune reactions. These systems involve viral proteins that interact with host sensor proteins and prevent them from detecting the viral genome or from initiating immune signaling. In this review, we discuss key regulators of cytosolic sensor proteins and viral proteins based on experimental evidence.	2.2297897338867188	32.248504638671875	12
Intrinsic checkpoint deficiency during cell cycle re-entry from quiescence Condensed title: Underlicensing at cell cycle re-entry. The authors find that human cells re-entering the cell cycle from quiescence have both an impaired p53-dependent DNA replication origin licensing checkpoint and slow origin licensing. This combination makes every first S phase underlicensed and hypersensitive to replication stress. To maintain tissue homeostasis, cells transition between cell cycle quiescence and proliferation. An essential G1 process is Minichromosome Maintenance complex (MCM) loading at DNA replication origins to prepare for S phase, known as origin licensing. A p53-dependent origin licensing checkpoint normally ensures sufficient MCM loading prior to S phase entry. We used quantitative flow cytometry and live cell imaging to compare MCM loading during the long first G1 upon cell cycle entry and the shorter G1 phases in the second and subsequent cycles. We discovered that despite the longer G1 phase, the first G1 after cell cycle re-entry is significantly underlicensed. As a result, the first S phase cells are hypersensitive to replication stress. This underlicensing is from a combination of slow MCM loading with a severely compromised origin licensing checkpoint. The hypersensitivity to replication stress increases over repeated rounds of quiescence. Thus, underlicensing after cell cycle re-entry from quiescence distinguishes a higher risk cell cycle that promotes genome instability.	-5.551103591918945	31.816864013671875	8
Involvement of the different lung compartments in the pathogenesis of pH1N1 influenza virus infection in ferrets. Severe cases after pH1N1 infection are consequence of interstitial pneumonia triggered by alveolar viral replication and an exacerbated host immune response, characterized by the up-regulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the influx of inflammatory leukocytes to the lungs. Different lung cell populations have been suggested as culprits in the unregulated innate immune responses observed in these cases. This study aims to clarify this question by studying the different induction of innate immune molecules by the distinct lung anatomic compartments (vascular, alveolar and bronchiolar) of ferrets intratracheally infected with a human pH1N1 viral isolate, by means of laser microdissection techniques. The obtained results were then analysed in relation to viral quantification in the different anatomic areas and the histopathological lesions observed. More severe lung lesions were observed at h post infection (hpi) correlating with viral antigen detection in bronchiolar and alveolar epithelial cells. However, high levels of viral RNA were detected in all anatomic compartments throughout infection. Bronchiolar areas were the first source of IFN-α and most pro-inflammatory cytokines, through the activation of RIG-I. In contrast, vascular areas contributed with the highest induction of CCL2 and other pro-inflammatory cytokines, through the activation of TLR3. (2015) Hospitalization fatality risk of influenza A(H1N1)pdm09: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Am J Epidemiol 182:294-301 2.	9.937091827392578	36.762969970703125	0
Isolation of the Binding Protein of Periplocoside E from BBMVs in Midgut of the Oriental Amyworm Mythimna separata Walker (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) through Affinity Chromatography. Periplocosides, which are insecticidal compounds isolated from the root bark of Periploca sepium Bunge, can affect the digestive system of insects. However, the mechanism though which periplocosides induces a series of symptoms remains unknown. In this study, affinity chromatography was conducted by coupling periplocoside E-semi-succinic acid ester with epoxy amino hexyl (EAH) sepharose 4B. Sodium dodecyl sulfonate-polyacrylamide gelelectrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) was performed to analyze the fraction eluted by periplocoside E. Eight binding proteins (luciferin 4-monooxygenase, aminopeptidase N, aminopeptidase N3, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide health (NADH) dehydrogenase subunit 5, phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate 3-phosphatase myotubularin, actin, uncharacterized family glucosidase KIAA1161, and 2OG-Fe(2) oxygenase superfamily protein) were obtained and identified through liquid chromatography/quadrupole-time of flight-mass spectrometry (LC/Q-TOF-MS) analysis of the midgut epithelium cells of Mythimna separata larvae. Aminopeptidase N and N3 are potential putative targets of periplocosides. This study establishes the foundation for further research on the mechanism of action and target localization of periplocosides in agricultural pests. obvious swelling of the abdomen, and, thus far, no other modes of insecticidal action have been recorded [8] . Fluorescence localization analysis indicated that periplocoside NW (PSNW) can bind to the midgut cells of Mythimna separata larvae [9] . Ultrastructural observations showed that microvilli, organelle, and cytomembrane are destructed in the midgut cells of M. separata larvae [10] . Research on histopathological effects indicated that brush-border membrane vesicles (BBMVs) from the midgut epithelium cells of M. separata larvae are the initial action site; one or more binding sites may also exist in the larvae [11] . However, the specific binding sites and insecticidal mechanism of periplocosides in M. separata larval midgut cells remain unclear. The cellular targets of bioactive compounds can be identified using several approaches. Affinity purification is a classic and commonly used technique to identify receptors of insecticidal active substances [12] . In contrast to other approaches, affinity-based approaches are employed to identify directly small-molecule binding proteins. In this research, although periplocoside E has relatively low insecticidal activity or is inactive compared with periplocoside P and T [13], periplocoside E was selected based on the structure and high consumption of experimental materials to determine the binding protein of periplocosides compounds. The chemical structure of periplocoside E is similar to those of periplocoside P and T in terms of the common features except for one or two substituents ( Figure ). Thus, we separated the binding protein of periplocoside E from the BBMVs from the midgut epithelium of M. separata larvae through affinity chromatography to elucidate the mode of action of the compound.	16.28591537475586	34.25296401977539	11
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint ( Figure 2B ) nucleotide sliding window. This analysis showed that the entire CDS, not just the predicted frameshift site, is highly conserved among primates. Thus, the observation that the frameshift site is mostly conserved in primates does not indicate that the (putative) ability to frameshift is subject to purifying selection. Dual-luciferase vectors in which the test cassette is sandwiched between and fused to both Firefly and Renilla luciferase encoding sequences, have been widely used for assaying translational recoding events (Figure 3A). The frameshifting efficiency is calculated by dividing Firefly luciferase activity by Renilla luciferase activity. This ratio is then normalized to an in-frame control vector in which Renilla and Firefly luciferases are both situated in the zero-frame to account for differences in activity between the two enzymes (a ratio of a ratio) (Figure 3B). In nearly all cases the fused test encoded polypeptide has only a small or no effect on the upstream encoded luciferase activity. However, in one case luciferase activity was anomalously low (unpublished) and we developed a variant vector system (pSGDluc ) containing a StopGo sequence directly 3' of the first and immediately 5' of the second luciferase encoding sequence. Subsequently we made another variant by removing a potential splice site, pSGDlucV3.0 (deposited with Addgene). Thus in earlier constructs, where the insert-encoded peptides were appended to the C-terminus of Renilla luciferase, the Renilla luciferase activity could dropparticularly for the short zero-frame encoded peptide, causing an artificial inflation of translation recoding rates. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint This problem has been overcome by inserting flanking StopGo sequences that result in co-translational excision of the insert-encoded peptides, thus releasing independent Renilla and Firefly proteins that are identical in sequence for both the test and in-frame control constructs. The publication on CCR5 frameshifting utilized the very first iteration of a dual luciferase vector that we developed in . We recloned the same CCR5 frameshift sequence tested in the original article into pSGDlucV3.0. For CCR5 we used negative controls comparable to those in the original article, which include a slip site mutant (UUUAAAA  GCGCGCG for Y.A.K., UUUAAAA  AUUCAAA for G.L. ), a 5`-termination control (also known as a premature termination codon control or PTC control) and a 3`-termination control (also known as an out-of-frame stop codon control or OOF control). Lastly, we included measurements from the empty vector alone (Figure 3C). All four of these controls are meant to establish a baseline for background levels of luminescence The dual luciferase assays were carried out in the same cell line used in the original article, HeLa. Renilla luciferase, the reference luciferase, is stable for all the constructs (Figure 4A). Similarly Firefly luciferase activities for the in-frame controls of CCR5 and a HIV-1 control are consistent as well, indicating that when forced to express Firefly luciferase, both constructs produce proteins with similar activity. The Firefly luciferase activity for the WT HIV-1 frameshift construct is >40 fold higher than that of WT CCR5 or any of its negative controls. Furthermore, the Firefly luciferase activity for . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint CCR5 and all its negative controls are all comparable to the activity of the empty vector control, which is the baseline for background levels of Firefly luciferase activity ( Figure 4B). After normalizing the luciferase activities for the test vectors to their respective in-91 frame control vectors, we find that HIV-1 shows frameshift rates that are comparable to previously reported findings in HeLa cells . However, CCR5 WT frameshifting is ~0.15%, indistinguishable from its negative controls, indicating that CCR5 does not frameshift above background at our limit of sensitivity and is certainly far less than the previously reported level of 9-11% . In fact, CCR5 SSM demonstrates slightly higher rates of FS than the WT, indicating that translational recoding values this low are indicative of background ( Figure 4C) . These experiments were repeated in HEK293T cells to control for cell-line specific results and we found that the results followed identical trends to those obtained in HeLa cells (Figure 4D-F) . To ensure that these results were repeatable, the cloning and assaying of CCR5 frameshifting was completed independently by a different laboratory (G.L., J.F.A. ), which used modestly different cloning and assaying strategies. When utilizing both HeLa and HEK293T cells, we found that CCR5 frameshifted at an insignificant rate as well (Figure 5A-F). Retrotransposons and retroviruses share a common origin. Ribosomal frameshifting has been well documented in viruses and thus it stands to reason that retrotransposons and/or derivatives of retrotransposons in the human genome could . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint frameshift. Three derivatives of retrotransposons in the human genome, PNMA3 (Ma3), PNMA5 (Ma5), and PEG10, have been previously demonstrated to frameshift in-vivo and in-vitro . All three encode zero-frame proteins with homology to the viral protein gag and their trans-frame protein have similarity to gag-pol. All three share a slippery site common with some viruses in the Retroviridae family, GGGAAAC. These sequences were assayed in both HeLa and HEK293T cells (Figure 6). Although the rates of -1 PRF were slightly different from previously reported, all three signals stimulated frameshifting far above background. These results further confirm the fidelity of the pSGDlucV3.0 vector for assaying -1 PRF, already seen for other translational recoding events . In conclusion, using an improved reporter assay system, we find no evidence of -122 frameshifting above background levels on the CCR5 mRNA. Additionally, a lack of statistically significant purifying selection acting on the slip site (a hallmark for functionally relevant frameshift signals) supports the argument that CCR5 does not contain a biologically important frameshift signal. There are several possible explanations for the discrepancy between the reported CCR5 results and the results presented here but the most obvious one is the standard decoding of a significant percentage of mRNAs generated by cryptic splicing. Methods Alignment of CCR5 slippery sites The NCBI mRNA and RefSeq BLAST databases were searched with blastn using the human CCR5 mRNA (accession NM_000579.3) as query on December 4th, using default parameters, with the number of hits expanded from to 500. The best sequence per organism, as determined by 'Max Score', was taken up until 70% query cover. These sequences were aligned with MUSCLE. This alignment was trimmed to only include the putative frameshift region of CCR5 that was generated by code written in Python 3. The alignment image was generated using the box-shade server CCR5 Primate CDS analysis Of the sequences obtained in the ortholog search, only those belonging to the taxonomic descriptor of 'primate' (taxid 9443) were used. Lemur catta sequences were ignored, since the original manuscript states that the CCR5 frameshift signal is not conserved in Lemur catta. All CDS sequences were aligned with MUSCLE and then either at single nucleotide resolution or a smoothed nucleotide window plotted in Python 3. doi: bioRxiv preprint pSGDlucV3.0 was generated by introducing silent mutations into the Renilla coding sequence to disrupt two potential donor splice sites (TGGgtaagt). For Figures and (Y.A.K.) the vector was digested with PspXI and Bgl-II. Overlapping oligonucleotides for insert sequences were ordered from Sigma Aldrich (Supplementary Table 1), resuspended at M, diluted to M, and then mixed together at a 1:100 dilution. This 1:100 dilution of the forward and reverse oligonucleotide was heated to o C. L of this mix was ligated into ng of linearized backbone vector using NEB T4 ligase. For Figure (G.L.) The vector was digested with PspXI and Bgl-II. Using forward and reverse PCR primers (Supplementary Table 1), the CCR5 WT, SSM and IFC were all amplified from genomic DNA with enzyme overhangs. These PCR products were subsequently digested and ligated into pSGDlucV3.0. Transfections and Dual Luciferase Assays For Figures and (Y.A.K.) HeLa and HEK293T cells were reverse transfected with ng of plasmid using 0.2 L Lipofectamine in a 96-well format. Transfection mix was added to 30,000 cells and incubated for 1-2 minutes at room temperature, before adding Fetal Calf Serum. The next day, media was removed from cells and L of fresh 1X passive lysis buffer (Promega) was added to each well. Samples were frozen For Figure (G.L. ) HeLa and HEK293T cells were reverse transfected with ng of plasmid using 0.2 L Lipofectamine in a half-area 96-well format. Transfection mix was added to 40,000 cells. The next day, transfected cells were lysed in 12.6 L of 1X passive lysis buffer (Promega) and luciferase activity was measured by injection of L of each reagent. Background level readings (measured from water transfected cells) were subtracted	-7.742186069488525	26.43950843811035	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint (JBP3), base J glucosyltransferase (JGT), PP1 phosphatase, PP1 interactive-regulatory protein (PNUTS) and Wdr82, which we refer to as PJW/PP1. A similar complex (PTW/PP1) has been shown to be involved in Pol II termination in humans and yeast. We demonstrate that PNUTS, JBP3 and Wdr82 mutants lead to read-through transcription in T. brucei. Our data suggest the PJW/PP1 complex regulates termination by recruitment to termination sites via JBP3-base J interactions and dephosphorylation of specific proteins (including Pol II and termination factors) by PP1. These findings significantly expand our understanding of mechanisms underlying transcription termination in eukaryotes, including divergent organisms that utilize polycistronic transcription and novel epigenetic marks such as base J and H3.V. The studies also provide the first direct mechanistic link between J modification of DNA at termination sites and regulated Pol II termination and gene expression in kinetoplastids. Introduction Termination of RNA polymerase II (Pol II) transcription of mRNAs is a tightly regulated process where the polymerase stops RNA chain elongation and dissociates from the end of the gene or transcription unit. However, the underlying termination mechanism is not fully understood. In typical eukaryotes, Pol II termination of protein-coding genes is tightly linked to the processing of the nascent transcript 3' end (reviewed in (1)). This association ensures complete formation of stable polyadenylated mRNA products and prevents the elongating Pol II complex from interfering with transcription of downstream genes. Transcription through the polyadenylation site results in an exchange of transcription factors, resulting in the regulation of the elongation-to-termination transition, in an ordered series of events: 1) dissociation of the elongation factor Spt5, 2) Pol II pausing, 3) changes in phosphorylation status of Pol II C-terminal domain (CTD), which promotes 4) recruitment of cleavage factors and termination factors, 5) transcript cleavage and 6) termination by the 5'-3' 'torpedo' exoribonuclease XRN2/Rat1. Critical to this process is the regulation of protein phosphorylation by the major eukaryotic protein serine/threonine phosphatase, PP1. As recently demonstrated in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe (S. pombe), the PP1 phosphatase Dis2 regulates termination by de-phosphorylating both Thr4P of . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint the Pol II-CTD as well as Spt5 (2). This PP1-dependent dephosphorylation allows the efficient recruitment of the termination factor Seb1 as well as decreased Spt5 stimulation of Pol II elongation that enhances the capture by the torpedo exoribonuclease. Transcription termination was also affected in the S. cerevisiae PP1 isotype Glc7 mutant (3). PP1 action is modulated through the formation of heteromeric complexes with specific regulatory subunits (4). These regulatory protein subunits regulate PP1 by targeting the protein to specific subcellular compartments, to particular substrates, or reduce its activity towards potential substrates. The vast majority of regulators are intrinsically disordered proteins (IDPs) and bind PP1 via a primary PP1-binding motif, the RVxF motif (4-6). One of the key PP1 regulatory proteins in the nucleus is the PP1 nuclear targeting subunit (PNUTS) (7, 8). PNUTS is a multidomain protein defined by the canonical PP1 RVxF interaction motif. It also has an N-terminal domain that interacts with the DNA binding protein Tox4 and a domain near the C-terminus that interacts with Wdr82 (9). This stable multimeric complex in humans is named the PTW/PP1 complex. Targeting of the complex to chromatin is presumably due in part through associations with Tox4. While the function of Wdr82 in this complex is not known, it may mediate interactions with Pol II by recognizing Ser5-phosphorylated CTD, as it does when it is associated with the Set1 complex (10). In yeast, PP1 is associated with PNUTS and Wdr82 homologs in APT, a subcomplex of the cleavage and polyadenylation factor (11-14), and their deletion caused termination defects at Pol II-dependent genes (15, 16). In mammals, PNUTS and Wdr82 mutant cells have defects in transcription termination at the 3' end of genes and 5' antisense transcription at bi-directional promoters (17). Members of the Kinetoplastida order include the human parasite Trypanosoma brucei that causes African Sleeping sickness. Kinetoplastids are early-diverged protozoa with unique genome arrangements where genes are organized into polycistronic transcription units (PTU) that are transcribed by Pol II. Pre-94 messenger RNAs (mRNA) are processed to mature mRNA with the addition of a 5' spliced leader sequence through trans-splicing, followed by 3' polyadenylation (reviewed in (18)). Given the close relationship between poly(A) processing and transcription termination in other eukaryotes, it is not clear how multiple functional poly(A) sites within the trypanosome PTU can be transcribed without resulting in premature termination. Therefore, a novel signal or mechanism may be involved in allowing polycistronic transcription and termination in kinetoplastids. Two chromatin factors, base J and histone H3 variant (H3.V), have recently been shown to have an impact on Pol II termination in kinetoplastids. Base J is a . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint modified DNA base found in kinetoplastids where the glucose moiety, linked via oxygen to the thymine base, resides in the major groove of DNA (reviewed in (19)). In T. brucei and Leishmania major, J and H3.V are enriched at sites involved in Pol II termination (20-23). This includes sites within polycistronic gene clusters where (premature) termination silences downstream genes. Loss of J or H3.V leads to read-through transcription (21-26). At PTU internal termination sites this leads to increased expression of the downstream genes. This epigenetic regulation of termination is thought to allow developmentally regulated expression of specific transcriptionally silent genes. In T. brucei, this includes the expression of variant surface glycoprotein (VSG) genes involved in antigenic variation during bloodstream infections. It is currently unclear how these epigenetic marks are involved in Pol II termination, since very little is understood regarding the mechanism of Pol II termination in kinetoplastids. Equally unclear is what regulates the specific localization of these marks, including base J, in the genome. Base J is synthesized in a two-step pathway in which a thymidine hydroxylase (TH), JBP1 or JBP2, hydroxylates thymidine residues at specific positions in DNA to form hydroxymethyluracil (hmU) (27), followed by the transfer of glucose to hmU by the glucosyltransferase, JGT (28, 29) (reviewed in (19, 30)). The TH enzymes, JBP1 and JBP2, contain a TH domain at the N-terminus (27, 31-34). JBP1 has a J-DNA binding domain in the C-terminal half of the protein that is able to bind synthetic J-DNA substrates in vitro and bind chromatin in a J-dependent manner in vivo (35-38). The ability of JBP1 to bind J-DNA is thought to play a role in J propagation and maintenance. JBP2 does not bind the modified base directly, but is able to bind chromatin in a base J independent manner, presumably via the C-terminal SWI2/SNF2 domain (31, 35). The JGT lacks DNA sequence specificity, and can convert hmU to base J in vivo regardless of where it is present (39-41). This and other analysis of J synthesis indicate that JBP1 and JBP2 are the key regulatory enzymes of J synthesis. In this study, we identify a new J-binding protein (called JBP3) in kinetoplastids that is present in a complex containing PP1, Wdr82 and a putative orthologue of PNUTS. To characterize the role of this (PJW/PP1) complex in transcription termination, we investigated the consequence of mutants using RNAi in T. brucei. Ablation of JBP3, Wdr82 or PNUTS in T. brucei causes read-through transcription at termination sites. As we previously demonstrated following the removal of base J and H3.V, these defects include transcription read-through at termination sites within Pol II transcribed gene arrays and the silent Pol I transcribed VSG expression sites, leading to de-repression of genes involved in parasite . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint pathogenesis. Furthermore, ablation of JBP3, Wdr82 or PNUTS results in expression of genes upstream of Pol II transcription start sites presumably representing a previously unappreciated role of termination of antisense transcription from gene promoters in trypanosomes. Overall these findings provide a first look at mechanisms involved in Pol II transcription termination in kinetoplastids and a direct link between base J and termination. Results Affinity purification and identification of JGT-associated proteins in Leishmania In this study, we chose to identify the proteins that co-purify with JBP1, JBP2 and JGT, in order to understand the regulation of J-biosynthesis. Leishmania tarentolae was chosen as an experimental system, because it provides an easily grown source of high densities of parasites that synthesize base J. The proteins were cloned into the pSNSAP1 vector, carrying a C-terminal tag composed of a protein A domain, the TEV protease cleavage site, and the streptavidin binding peptide (42). Purification of the complexes was carried out as described in Materials and Methods. Separation of the final eluate from the JGT tagged cell line by SDS-PAGE and staining of the proteins by SYPRO Ruby, revealed a dominant protein band of ~120 kDa, representing JGT-S and several co-purified protein bands ( Fig 1A) . As a control, no specific proteins were identified from the purification from untagged wildtype cells. In contrast, and unexpectedly, no co-purified proteins were identified from the JBP1-S or JBP2-S purification either by SDS-PAGE or mass spectrometry analysis. Therefore, we continued the analysis on the JGT purification. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) of the JGT-S purification revealed a total of five unique proteins not present in the negative control purification (Table 1) . These proteins were required to have at least two unique peptides and a Seaquest score of at least 100. As expected, JGT-S was recovered in the eluate. However, four additional potential JGT associated proteins were discovered with (hypothetical) molecular masses of 74, and kDa. One of these JGT-interacting proteins (42 kDa; LtaP15.0230) was protein phosphatase (PP1), which contains a PP1 catalytic domain (Fig 1B) . The other 42-kDa protein (LtaP32.3990) contains three WD repeat domains and has been identified as a homologue of Wdr82/Swd2 (human/yeast). The remaining two JGT interacting proteins had not been . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint previously characterized. We named the 74-kDa protein JBP3 (LtaP36.0380) because it has a domain with homology to the base J DNA binding domain of JBP1 (Fig 1B and S1 ) and we demonstrate its ability to bind J-DNA (see below). The 29-kDa JGT interacting protein was named PNUTS (LtaP33.1440) since it contains a conserved RVxF PP1 interactive domain (Fig 1C and S2 Fig) within an apparent intrinsically disordered region of the protein and is a part of a complex similar to the PTW/PP1 complex in humans (where JBP3 may represent a functional homolog of Tox4). PP1 interactive proteins such as PNUTS are highly disordered in their unbound state and fall in a group of intrinsically disordered proteins (IDPs) (4-6). This intrinsic flexibility is important for the formation of extensive interactions with PP1 (6, 43, 44). A bioinformatics analysis using the DISOPRED3 program (45, 46), which scores for the occurrence of disorder-inducing amino acids, predicts a majority of TbPNUTS is disordered (S2 Fig). Similarly, the Compositional profiler (47) shows PNUTS is enriched in major disorder-promoting residues and depleted in major order-promoting residues. This inherent disorder may explain why TbPNUTS migrates slower in SDS-PAGE than predicted (see S3A Fig). To confirm the complex, we subsequently performed tandem affinity purifications with tagged JBP3 and Wdr82. Reciprocal purification of JBP3 and Wdr82 resulted in the identification of JGT, PNUTS, PP1, JBP3 and Wdr82 with a significant number of unique peptide hits (Table ). These data indicate that in Leishmania JGT associates with a protein complex composed of PNUTS, PP1, JBP3 and Wdr82 similar to the PTW/PP1 complex in humans, shown to be involved in transcription termination (Fig 1F) . While JBP3 may be a functional homologue of the human Tox4 DNA binding protein (see below), JBP3 appears to be conserved only in the genus trypanosome. Based on this similarity, we now refer to this complex as PJW/PP1 in Leishmania. Fig 1. Identification of a novel phosphatase complex in Leishmania tarentolae. (A) Proteins recovered from tandem affinity purification from wild-type L. tarentolae extracts (WT) and from cells expressing the strep-tagged version of JGT, were analyzed on SDS-PAGE gel and stained with Sypro Ruby. (B) Summary of the PJW/PP1 complex. The domain structure of each component in the complex is schematically shown. JBD, J-DNA binding domain; RVxF motif, PP1 docking motif; PP1c, catalytic domain of protein phosphatase 1; WD40, WD40 repeat. The number of amino acids in each component is indicated. (C) Structure-based sequence alignment of the PNUTS, spinophilin PP1 and NIPP1 interactive domains in humans is compared with LtPNUTS (residues 95-112) and TbPNUTS (residues 139-164), models generated by the comparative modeling program I-TASSER (48, 49) were of high quality, with TM-score value of 0.727. The sequence identity and similar domain composition to the JBD of JBP1 supported our contention that the LtaP36.0380 protein is a J-binding protein, subsequently named JBP3. We have previously developed a rapid isolation procedure for His-tagged recombinant JBP1 produced in E. coli and gel shift assays to characterize J-DNA binding activities (37, 38). We utilized a similar approach to characterize JBP3 in vitro DNA binding activity. The recombinant JBP3 obtained, as judged by its appearance in Coomassie-stained gels (Fig 1D) , was suitable for investigating the specific interaction of JBP3 and J-modified DNA (J-DNA). To determine the ability of JBP3 to bind J-DNA, we used the gel shift assay to investigate the binding of JBP3 to J-DNA duplex (VSG-1J) that has a single centrally located J modification compared with the same duplex without any base J (VSG-T). The J-DNA substrate was incubated with increasing amounts of JBP3 protein, and the complex was analyzed on native gels. The results of the gel shift assay in Fig 1E, show that the amount of free J-DNA decreases with increasing concentrations of JBP3, concomitant with formation of the JBP3/J-DNA complex. In contrast, incubation of the unmodified DNA substrate with the highest concentration of JBP3 resulted in no visible complex. Thus, JBP3 is a J-DNA binding protein. Characterization of the putative phosphatase complex containing Wdr82, JBP3 and PNUTS in T. brucei To study the function of the PJW/PP1 complex in vivo, we switched to T. brucei due to the benefits of forward and reverse genetics available in this system. However, while all other components are easily identified (see Tables and 2) , a PP1 homologue identified in the Leishmania PJW/PP1 complex is not present in the T. brucei genome (50, 51). To characterize the complex in T. brucei, and identify the TbPP1 protein component, we used a TAP tagging approach with a PTP epitope tag (52) to identify TbPNUTS-interacting proteins. We generated a clonal procyclic form (PF) T. brucei cell line expressing a C-terminal PTP-tagged TbPNUTS protein from its endogenous locus. This cell line was used for the TAP procedure. Briefly, a crude protein extract was first purified by IgG affinity chromatography, and the TEV protease was used to cleave off the Protein A portion of the PTP tag. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Wdr82 and CPSF73 (negative control) (S3A Fig) along with HA-tagged versions of JGT, Wdr82 and JBP3 (Fig 2A and S3B Fig) . PTP-PNUTS immunoprecipitation recovers HA-Wdr82 and HA-JBP3, but not the La negative control (Fig 2A) . Similarly, PTP-JBP3 immunoprecipitation recovers HA-Wdr82 (S3B Fig). In contrast, no detectable HA-Wdr82 or HA-JGT is recovered in PTP-CPSF73 immunoprecipitates (Fig 2A and S3B Fig). Furthermore, JGT does not co-purify when PNUTS, JBP3 or Wdr82 is pulled down (S3B Fig), nor does Hsp70 co-purify when PNUTS or JBP3 is pulled down (S3C Fig). PNUTS PTP . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Unidirectional transcription resulting in productive mRNAs is typically ensured since antisense transcription is susceptible to early termination linked to rapid degradation. Mapping TSSs using tri-461 phosphate RNA-seq has previously suggested bi-directional activity, with strong strand bias, of Pol II initiation sites in T. brucei (66, 67). The RNA-seq data presented here is consistent with bi-directional activity of TSS, early termination and stimulation of divergent antisense transcription in the PNUTS . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint knockdown leading to the activation of genes within the dSSR (Fig 4C and 5A and S8 ). As shown in Fig 5A and B, the silent gene within a dSSR on chromosome is transcribed upon the loss of TbPNUTS. To see whether there is a correlation between the initiation of the antisense transcript with sense mRNA coding strand TSS, we analyzed the 5'-end of the nascent antisense transcript at this dSSR using RT-PCR (Fig 5C) . The significant drop of inability of a 5' primer to amplify the cDNA corresponding to the nascent 'antisense' transcript indicates the 5' end of the PNUTS regulated transcript is adjacent to the TSS for the sense transcript on the opposing strand. Using various 3' primers for generating cDNA, antisense transcription is attenuated in uninduced cells as shown in the decline in cDNA with increasing length of the transcript (Fig 5D) . In the absence of PNUTS the antisense transcription fails to terminate, as seen in the maintained levels of cDNA for all primers tested in + Tet. The increasing effects of the loss of PNUTS on level of transcript with increasing length of the transcript supports the idea of PNUTS regulating early termination/elongation of the antisense transcript. Taken together the results suggest that the PJW/PP1 complex (PNUTS, JBP3 and Wdr82) regulates premature termination of antisense transcription from bi-directional TSS and silencing of gene expression in T. brucei. Another possibility is that increased transcription within dSSRs is due to transcription initiating upstream of the divergent TSSs in the absence of PNUTS. To address this possibility, we examined transcription at Head-to-Head (HT) boundaries of PTUs. HT sites are defined where transcription of one PTU terminates and transcription of another PTU on the same DNA strand initiates. In contrast to TSSs at dSSRs, HT sites contain a termination site for the upstream PTU, indicated by H3.V and H4.V, and a TSS marked by individual peaks of histone variants, such as H2A.Z, and histone modifications (22, 66, 67). Similar to the metaplot analyses of dSSRs and cSSRs, we detected accumulation of transcripts at HT sites upon the ablation of PNUTS (Fig 4D) . At these non-divergent TSSs, the region upstream of the start site produced more transcripts in the PNUTS mutant indicating readthrough transcription, as expected, or possible initiating events further upstream. More interestingly, antisense transcripts are also increased at HT sites. The lack of a divergent TSS at these sites, indicated by the presence of single peak of H2A.Z, supports the conclusion that the antisense transcripts are the result of regulated bi-directional transcription activity. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Current dogma in the field is that most, if not all, Pol II transcribed gene regulation is at the posttranscriptional level in kinetoplastids (87). This is primarily based on the polycistronic arrangement of genes and identification of posttransciptional regulons under the control of RNA binding protein regulated mRNA stability. Our previous studies on base J/H3.V function revealed regulated transcription termination at the 3'-end of PTUs as a novel mechanism of gene expression control in kinetoplastids. The studies described here solidify this concept and open up another possible regulatory gene expression mechanism via early termination at the 5'-end of PTUs. These studies also provide the first direct mechanistic link . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a Scientific). Search parameters were set to allow for two missed tryptic cleavages, ppm mass tolerance for precursor ions, and 0.3 Daltons mass tolerance for fragment ions. A fixed modification of . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint g Turbo TM DNase (ThermoFisher) treated total RNA with Superscript TM III (ThermoFisher) according to the manufacturer's instructions with either random hexamers, oligo dT primers or strand specific oligonucleotides. Strand specific RT reactions were performed with the strand specific oligonucleotide . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Raw reads from mRNA-seq were first trimmed using fastp with default settings (v0.19.5; (122)). Remaining reads were locally aligned to the recently published long-read T. brucei Lister version 9.0 genome assembly (downloaded from (78)) and the Lister BES sequences (80), using Bowtie2 version 2.3.4.1 (123). With non-default settings (sensitive local) and further processed with . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	-5.820195198059082	25.914125442504883	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint 4. When combined with our data calibration approach, our framework helped us to answer questions about risk of pathogen exposure which are difficult to address with previous methods. Our framework not only has the potential to aid in predicting disease risk in animal populations, but also can be used to build robust predictive models suitable for other ecological applications such as modelling species distribution or diversity patterns.	-20.759634017944336	-11.855080604553223	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Archaea domain remains largely unexplored [14] along with a diverse metabolism [15, 16], unveiling new processes and key features involving microbes and community structure. Cuatro Cienegas Basin (CCB) is an endangered oasis within the northern zone of the Chihuahuan Desert in Mexico, characterized by an extremely unbalanced nutrient stoichiometry of the area (N:P = 159:1), similar to the conditions of the Precambrian sea [17-21]. Strikingly, despite . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint this nutrient deficiency CCB is considered a biodiversity hotspot for macroorganisms [22] and one of the most diverse sites for microorganisms in the world [23][24][25][26][27]; this microbial biodiversity is mirrored by its extreme diversity in virus [28]. CCB biodiversity is believed to have evolved as a result of a long time environmental stability of a deep aquifer [29], as suggested by the marine affiliations in many of the studied bacterial genomes [25, 30], virus [31], and probably, Archaea. These observations led CCB scientists to raise hypothesis and propose CCB as a model of "lost world", where extreme conditions favored the survival of ancestral marine lineages that in some cases persist exclusively in this area [32]. Nevertheless, Archaea in CCB has been poorly studied since they were underrepresented in previous metagenomic studies [24, 28, 33, 34]. During a late March field work, an atypical spring rain apparently dissolved the salty crust of an unnoticed shallow pond, allowing the uniquely flexible and impermeable microbial mats to arise from the ground building bubbles, or domes with a strong sulfur-like smell. Our hypothesis was that gas production of methanogenic as well as other microorganisms associated to the sulfur cycle were degassing creating a locally anaerobic atmosphere. Therefore, the anaerobic layer of the microbial mats were creating the domes by raising the flexible and impermeable mat where photosynthesis was evident given the purple, and green layers, creating an unique "alien" local landscape ( Figure ). Based on the macroscopic morphology of the microbial mats, this locality in the Pozas Azules ProNatura ranch (a private ecological reserve) was named by us the "Archean Domes" (AD thereafter) (Fig. 1a) . These unusual structures in an small extremophilic and fluctuating pond, are by themselves a singularity, within CCB unique nature and amazing microbial diversity that has fascinated scientists with unexpected findings [19-21, 25, 27, 29, 30, 33, 35-43]. High salt concentration in dry conditions, and the production of biogases along dome formation under wet conditions, suggested . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	-18.670734405517578	7.292655944824219	6
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Conclusions. Our studies provide evidence that at late times during EBOV GP/rVSV infection, TIM-1 increased virus load and associated mortality, consistent with an important role of this receptor in virus entry. This work suggests that inhibitors which block TIM-1/virus interaction may serve as effective antivirals, reducing virus load at late times during EBOV infection. Author summary T cell immunoglobulin mucin domain-1 (TIM-1) is one of a number of phosphatidylserine (PS) receptors that mediate clearance of apoptotic bodies by binding PS on the surface of dead or dying cells. Enveloped viruses mimic apoptotic bodies by exposing PS on the outer leaflet of the viral membrane. While TIM-1 has been shown to serve as an adherence factor/receptor for filoviruses in tissue culture, limited studies have investigated the role of TIM-1 as a receptor in vivo. Here, we sought to determine if TIM-1 was critical for Ebola virus glycoprotein-mediated infection using a BSL2 model virus. We demonstrate that loss of TIM-1 expression results in decreased virus load late during infection and significantly reduced virus-elicited mortality. These findings provide evidence that TIM-1 serves as an important receptor for Ebola virus in vivo. Blocking TIM-1/EBOV interactions may be effective antiviral strategy to reduce viral load and pathogenicity at late times of EBOV infection. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint for maEBOV we observed that EBOV GP/rVSV was less pathogenic in TIM-1-deficient mice compared to control mice. The impact of the loss of TIM-1 was specific for EBOV GP-131 expressing virus since wild-type VSV was equally virulent in TIM-1-deficient and TIM-1-132 sufficient mice over a wide range of challenge doses. Importantly, reduced mortality observed in the virus-infected TIM-1 -/mice was associated with lower virus load at late time points during infection in multiple tissues previously appreciated to be important in EBOV . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Havcr1, were replaced with a LacZ gene, generating a TIM-1-null mouse (TIM-1 -/-) BALB/c IFN-αβ receptor-deficient (Ifnar -/-) mice were a kind gift from Dr. Joan Durbin, NYU Langone . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	4.187555313110352	30.690643310546875	0
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Globally, it is estimated that a minimum 30-40% of the crop cultivated gets destroyed annually due to pests and diseases [4]. In India, bacterial blight alone reduces the yield between to percent above global yield loss in pomegranate. To avoid yield loss, it is very important and necessary to develop an efficiently sensitive pathogen detection method within incubation time of the pathogen (i.e. time between the host infection and expression of the disease symptoms) [5,6]. The most common methods employed for detecting the plant pathogens include immunological techniques like ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) [7] and molecular methods such as PCR (polymerase chain reaction) [8] and Southern blotting [9]. The methods for early detection of the plant pathogens in the field has to be designed in such a way that it has to be competently very sensitive, specific, cost-effective and detectable with a minimal equipment facilities [10]. For instance, the PCR based technique has its own drawbacks which require high quality and quantity of DNA and amplification is complex that requires a thermal cycler for changing the reaction temperature and requires relatively long time for the amplification process to complete. Further, it also requires agarose gel electrophoresis and gel documentation to confirm the amplification [11]. To overcome these limitations, researchers have shown interest in developing an isothermal amplification technique termed as Loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) [12]. LAMP is an auto-cycling strand displacement DNA synthesis technique, which is carried out at a constant temperature and does not require a thermal-cycler. The amplification is completed within 30-60 minutes at a constant temperature of 60-65º C, which can be carried out in a simple water bath or heating block [13]. Moreover, LAMP is a cost effective and it does not require a thermal cycler and electrophoretic unit, as the result can be inferred as positive or negative with the colour change or turbidity observed by naked eye without spending much time [14]. The favorable target for bacterial pathogen diagnostic includes mainly, 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) gene which is been widely used to identify the bacterial species among different bacteria [15-17]. This diversity is unique for species and their sequences are presented inside their nine (V1 -V9) hypervariable regions which constitutes useful targets [18]. These regions are highly conserved stretches in bacteria, which facilitates the identification through PCR In principle, the LAMP assay recognizes six specifically designed primers that recognize eight distinct sequences from the target bacterial DNA [20]. It consists of two outer primers (F3 and B3), two inner primers (FIP and BIP), a loop-forward (LF) and a loop-backward (LB). These six primers ensure a high specificity for target DNA amplification. Moreover, these primers enable generation of a stem-loop DNA for subsequent complex LAMP amplification, which includes self-94 priming reaction. A mixture of DNA, differing in the number of loops and length of the stem-loop is produced as a final product [21]. By considering the advantages of LAMP assay, which is widely used to detect broad range of microorganisms[22,23]. The present study was aimed to detect the bacterial blight of pomegranate in early stages with minimum pathogen DNA template by optimizing several DNA intercalating dyes with lower temperature in a shorter time with less technical skills. MATERIALS AND METHODS Source of bacterial blight material used for the study Ten Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. punicae (Xap) isolates collected from four different regions of Karnataka, India were used in this study (Fig 1) . Additionally, we have also isolated non-104 Xanthomonas bacteria from pomegranate Table . The pure culture Xap isolates were maintained in a Nutrient Broth for hours and the DNA was extracted using crude method. The quality and quantity of the DNA were determined using Nanodrop (Model -DS-11 FX +, DeNovix, USA).	-1.947120189666748	-5.96392822265625	6
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint IMPORTANCE Rotavirus (RV) double-stranded RNA genome is replicated and packaged into virus progeny in cytoplasmic structures termed viroplasms. The non-structural protein NSP5, which undergoes a complex hyperphosphorylation process during RV infection, is required for the formation of these virus-induced organelles. However, its roles in viroplasm formation and RV replication have never been directly assessed due to the lack of a fully tractable reverse genetics (RG) system for rotaviruses. Here we show a novel application of a recently developed RG system by establishing a stable trans-complementing NSP5-producing cell line required to rescue rotaviruses with mutations in NSP5. This approach allowed us to provide the first direct evidence of the pivotal role of this protein during RV replication. Furthermore, using recombinant RV mutants we shed light on the molecular mechanism of NSP5 hyperphosphorylation during infection and its involvement in the assembly and maturation of replication-competent viroplasms.	-0.1687358021736145	26.97374153137207	12
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Infectious pathogens with short generation times pose public health challenges because they generate substantial near-term uncertainty in the risk of disease. This uncertainty is most acute and shared globally during the initial stages of emergence of novel human pathogens such as SARS [2], pandemic influenza [3], or the Zika virus [4] . However, at national and sub-national levels, uncertainty arises frequently for epidemic pathogens such as seasonal influenza, dengue, RSV and rotavirus; causing problems both for health planners and at-risk individuals who may consider changing their behavior to mitigate their risk during peak periods. Seasonal influenza affects populations in all global regions and is forecast annually in temperate populations, either implicitly or explicitly [5]. Peak demand for both outpatient and inpatient care is driven by peak incidence of influenza in many years [6]. Therefore, the efficient provision of elective procedures and other non-seasonal health care can be improved by accurate forecasts of seasonal influenza. Implicitly, most temperate health systems use knowledge of historical scenarios with which to plan for their influenza season. The current situation is then assessed against the deviation from the historical averages and worst-cases as observed in their own surveillance system. The United States Centers for Disease Control (CDC) has sought to formalize regional and national forecasts by introducing an annual competition [7] . Each week, participating teams submit weekly estimates of incidence for the next four weeks, season onset, and timing and intensity of the peak. Methods used by teams include purely statistical models, [8-10] mechanistic models [11, 12] machine learning and hybrid approaches [13-15]. Expert-opinion surveys have also been used and performed well. Some teams augment their forecasts of the official ILI data with the use of potentially faster or less-noisy datasets such as google flu trends [16]. Here we describe a our mechanistic-model-supported participation in the 2016-17 CDC influenza forecasting challenge, as an example of a disease forecasting process. We emphasize a subjective human component of this process and also describe a retrospective evaluation of the models for the previous six seasons. All the models PLOS 3/43 . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint described are implemented in the R package Dynamics of Interacting Community Epidemics (DICE, Methods Data The CDC Influenza-like-illness Surveillance Network (ILINet) Human and Health Services (HHS) region and national data were downloaded from the CDC-hosted web application FluView [17] and used to create a historic database of ILI cases. Fig S1 shows which states are grouped into each HHS region, along with the population of each region. Because we require an absolute number of cases per week, the CDC ILINet data is converted from percent ILI cases per patient to ILI cases. We estimate the absolute number of weekly ILI cases by dividing the weighted percent of ILI cases in the CDC data by and multiplying it by the total weekly number of patients. We assume two outpatient visits per person per year so that the total weekly number of patients is estimated as: (total regional population)x(2 outpatient visits per person per year)x(1 year/52 weeks). The estimate of two outpatient visits per year is based on two studies. In Schappert and Burt [18] studied the National Ambulatory Medical Care Surveys (NAMCS) and the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Surveys (NHAMCS) and calculated an ambulatory rate of 3.8 visits per capita-year. The NAMCS [19] and NHAMCS surveys [20] estimated ambulatory visit rates of 3.32 visits per capita per year for physician's offices, 0.43 for hospital emergency departments and 0.33 hospital Outpatient Departments. We sum these rates to get an outpatient visit per capita-year of 4.08. We further estimate from the surveys that only half of these outpatient clinics are sites that report to ILINet, and hence we rounded to our two outpatient visits per year estimate. Specific humidity (SH) is measured in units of kg per kg and is defined as the ratio of PLOS 4/43 . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint water vapor mass to total moist air mass. Two other measurements of humidity are absolute humidity and relative humidity. SH is included in DICE as a potential modifier of transmissibility for this time period and uses Phase-2 of the North American Land Data Assimilation System (NLDAS-2) data base provided by NASA [21-23]. The NLDAS-2 data base provides hourly specific humidity (measured 2-meters above the ground) for the continental US at a spatial grid of 0.125 • which we average to daily and weekly values. The weekly data is then spatially-averaged for the states and CDC regions. School vacation schedules were collected for the 2014-15 and 2015-16 academic years for every state. For each state, a school district was identified to represent each of the three largest cities. Vacation schedules were then collected directly from the district websites. These three school vacation schedules were first processed to a weekly schedule with a value of indicating class was in session all five weekdays and a indicating five vacation days. Next, the representative state schedule was produced by averaging the three weekly district schedules. Region schedules are obtained by a population-weighted average of the state schedules. Similarly, the national schedule is generated by a population-weighted average of the regions. For the 2016-17 season we determine start and end times as well as spring and fall breaks from the previous years schedules. Thanksgiving and winter vacation timing was taken from the calendar where the winter break is assumed to be the last two calendar weeks of the year. Based on the proportion of schools closed and number of days closed, p(t) is assigned a value in the range [0, 1]. For example in week t i , if all schools are closed for the entire week then we define the proportion of open schools p(t i ) = 1. However, if all schools have Monday and Tuesday off (missing of days), then p(t i ) = 0.4. Similarly, if of schools have spring break (entire week off), but the other schools have a full week of class then p(t i ) = 0.3. If all schools have a full week of class then p(t i ) = 0.	-16.93743133544922	-27.148653030395508	2
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Modern approaches to developing a theory of the spread of infectious diseases can be traced to when Kermack and McKendrick developed an integro-differential equation model now widely described as the SIR (Susceptible-Infected-Recovered) model [1]. The model tracks changes in the number of individuals suscep-28 tible to an infection S(t), the number of infected individuals I(t), and (implicitly) the number of recovered individuals R(t). Compartmental models such as the SIR model are useful for mechanistic modelling of infection transmission in populations. They have since been further developed to study the evolution and epidemiology of multiple species of pathogens in a population or different strains of the same species [2]. Some models focus on between-host competition while some others on within-host competition [3] . Bull suggested in the 1990s that coupling inter-host and intra-host dynamics in models may be desirable [4] . Models linking between-host transmission dynamics to within-host pathogen growth and immune response are now becoming commonplace [3, 5, 6, 7, 8]. One such approach is to link host viral load (which is a necessary condition of virulence) to the between-host transmission rate. Compartmental models have also been used to study the phenomenon of pathogen virulence-the rate at which a pathogen induces host mortality and/or reduces host fecundity [9, 10, 11, 12]. It was initially believed that hosts and parasites co-evolved to a state of commensalism (whereby parasites benefit from their host without harming them) [13, 14] but this hypothesis was later challenged [15]. In mathematical models, virulence is often treated as a fixed model parameter expressing the excess mortality rate caused by the pathogen. For instance, virulence has been assumed to depend on the intrinsic reproductive rate of the parasite [16]. Other research expresses the transmission rate β and the recovery rate µ in terms of a parameter ν that represents virulence [17]. When the impact of human behaviour is discussed in such models, it is discussed in terms of hypothesized effects of human behaviour on the value of the fixed parameter representing virulence. A Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) virulence model by Massad et al [18] shows that reducing the number of sexual partners could possibly drive HIV to be a more benign pathogen. However, the model assumes that the number of sexual partners can simply be moved up or down as a model parameter, whereas in reality the number of sexual partners in a population is the outcome of a dynamic socio-epidemiological process that merits its own mechanistic modelling, and itself responds to pathogen virulence. In general, these models do not treat human behaviour as a dynamic variable that can evolve in response to transmission dynamics and influence the evolution of virulence. (A few exceptions exist, including work that allows virulence to be a function of the number of infected hosts, thus capturing a situation where the magnitude of the epidemics affects the ability of health care services to host patients [19].) However, as human responses to both endemic and emerging infectious diseases show, human behaviour can . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint have a significant influence on how infections get transmitted. For instance, an early and well-documented example shows how the residents of the village of Eyam, England quarantined themselves to prevent the spread of plague to neighbouring villages [20]. Individuals moved to less populated areas during the Spanish Influenza pandemic in the early 20th century [21]. More recently, masks became widely used during the outbreak of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) at the beginning of the 21st century [22], and it has been shown pathogen virulence in Marek's disease can evolve in response to how vaccines are used [23]. Theoretical models of the interactions between human behaviour and the spread of infectious diseases are increasingly studied [24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30]. For instance, Bagnoli et al [31] found that under certain conditions, a disease can be driven extinct by reducing the fraction of the infected neighbours of an individual. Zanette et al [32] showed that if susceptible individuals decide to break their links with infected agents and reconnect at a later time, then the infection is suppressed. Gross [33] also shows that rewiring of edges in a network (and thus social interaction) can greatly influence the spread of infectious diseases. Of the compartmental models, we focus on those that have used concepts from evolutionary game theory such as imitation dynamics [34] to describe the evolution of behaviour and its interplay with the epidemics. An example of imitation dynamics concerns, as described in detail in [35], the effect of vaccination on the spread of infectious diseases. Each individual in the population picks one strategy and adopts it: "to vaccinate" or "not to vaccinate". The proportion of vaccinators is modelled using an ordinary differential equation and is coupled with a standard SIR model. An important aspect of behavioural models is to couple them with epidemiological processes such as transmission. This coupling creates a feedback loop between behaviour and spread of the disease. Given that adaptive social behaviour is important in many aspects of infection transmission, we hy-78 pothesize that adaptive social behaviour can also influence selection between pathogen strains with differing virulence in ways that cannot be captured by assuming it to be represented by a fixed parameter. Our objective in this paper was to explore how behaviour and virulence influence one another, in a coupled behaviour-disease differential equation model. The model allows individuals who perceive an increase in the prevalence of infection to increase their usage of practices that reduce transmission rates (such as social distancing and hand-washing) and thereby boost population-level immunity. This approach can help us understand the effects specific social dimensions, such as level of concern for a strain or the rate of social learning, on the coupled dynamics of pathogen strain emergence and human behaviour in a situation where virulence imposes evolutionary trade-offs and is strain-specific. Instead of considering long-term evolutionary processes with repeated rounds of mutation and selection, we focus on the case of invasion of a single mutant strain with a large phenotypical difference compared to the resident strain. In the next section, we describe . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint due to infection (virulence); µ is a birth rate and δ is the background death rate. All variables represent the number of individuals with the given infection status (for instance, S is the number of susceptible individuals). Since R does not appear in the other equations, we can omit R from the analysis. The system of differential equations in the presence of adaptive human behaviour couples the SI I R epidemic spread with a differential equation for human behaviour ("coupled model"). Each individual in the population can choose to accept or reject behaviours that reduce infection risk (e.g. washing hands, wearing a mask, social distancing), and individuals imitate successful strategies observed in others. Let x represent the proportion of individuals accepting preventive behaviour (we will call these "protectors"). Individuals sample others in the population at rate κ, representing social learning. The choice is based on the perceived severity ω (resp. ω ) from the resident (resp. mutant) strain, where ω (resp. ω ) can be quantified as the probability that an infection by the resident (resp. mutant) strain results in a severe case of disease. The more severe cases the population observes, the more attractive preventive behaviour becomes: we assume	-14.869375228881836	-14.445853233337402	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Mouse embryonic stem cells (C57/BL6N background) carrying a knockout-first targeted allele of Casd1 (Casd1 tm1a(EUCOMM)Hmgu ) were obtained from the EUCOMM consortium. Casd1 knock-in mice were generated at the BWH Transgenic Core facility. The resulting chimeric mice were crossed into C57BL/6NTac (Taconic) and interbred to homozygosity. They were then crossed into (B6.C-Tg(CMV-cre)1Cgn/J mice, (stock # 006054, Jackson Laboratory) to obtain the Casd1 tm1b null allele, which lacks exon of Casd1. Excision of the neomycin expression cassette (Fig 1A) was confirmed by PCR. The following primers were used for genotyping. The wild-type allele was specifically amplified using TCCTCCCTCACTGTTCCTTC and AGGTGGGGAGGAAAGACAGT (291bp) and the Casd1 tm1b allele could be selectively amplified using TCCTCCCTCACTGTTCCTTC and GACAGCCAGTCACACAGCTT (5540bp). This allele was interbred to homozygosity to yield Casd1 tm1b/tm1b mice (referred to as Casd1-KO mice in the accompanying figures). The Casd1-deficient mice were viable and fertile. The Casd1 knockout colony was maintained by homozygous mating. Each experiment was performed at least twice on three mice each. Single cell suspensions were obtained from the blood, spleen, lymph nodes, thymus or bone marrow and flow cytometry analysis was performed using the following monoclonal (7G6) and CD16/CD32 (2.4G2). Monoclonal antibody clones are indicated in . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint parentheses. All antibodies were obtained from Biolegend Inc. unless otherwise indicated. One representative flow cytometry plot is shown for each condition. Influenza C hemagglutinin esterase (CHE) was recombinantly expressed as an Fcfusion protein and the esterase activity of CHE was inactivated with di-isofluoropropyl phosphate to generate the CHE-FcD reagent as previously described (Muchmore and Varki, 1987). Bovine coronavirus hemagglutinin esterase (Mebus strain, Uniprot accession number, P15776.1) was cloned into the pFUSE-mFc2a vector (Invivogen) into the EcoRI and BglII sites. A catalytically dead variant of BHE-Fc (BHE-S40A-Fc) was generated by site-directed mutagenesis. The Fc-fusion proteins were expressed in 293T cells and affinity purified using protein G. The CHE-FcD probe recognizes 9-O-acetyl sialic acids, and the BHE-S40A-Fc virolectin can bind both 9-O-acetyl and 7,9-di-Oacetyl sialic acids (Langereis et al., 2015; Bakkers et al., 2016). Briefly, a two-step staining procedure with CHE-FcD as the primary and anti-human IgG1-PE (clone HP6017) as the secondary or with BHE-S40A-Fc as the primary and anti-mouse IgG2a-FITC (clone RMG2a-62) as the secondary antibody were used. To assess the effect of CHE or BHE on 9-O-acetyl sialic acids on murine erythrocytes, a 1:100 dilution of whole blood in PBS, was treated with 10μg/mL of CHE-Fc or BHE-Fc at 37°C for hour. The cells were washed twice with PBS at room temperature and stained with CHE-FcD as described above. Analysis of competitive binding between TER-119 and BHE-S40A-Fc was performed as follows. A 1:100 dilution of whole blood in PBS was incubated with varying concentrations of BHE-S40A-Fc at 37°C for one hour followed by the addition of µg/mL of labeled TER-119 antibody for minutes in the . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	-8.24433708190918	28.90117645263672	11
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint RNA Mini Kit, and Phosphate-buffered saline with the Trizol extraction, resulted in the most viral RNA recovery.	-21.34915542602539	-1.2628616094589233	6
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint RNA viruses are ideal systems for studying the selective forces that act on mutation rates. While interspecific mutation rates range from -4 to -6 errors per nucleotide copied [4], studies of antimutators and hypermutators suggests that fidelity can only vary by several fold within a species [27]. The severe burden of mutational load exerts a strong downward pressure on mutation rates and hypermutator strains are attenuated in vivo [9,28-31]. Given the short generation times and remarkable fecundity of many RNA viruses, a small kinetic cost to higher fidelity should result in strong selection against antimutators [32,33]. However, the observed attenuation of antimutator RNA viruses in vivo has led many to argue for the adaptive benefit of high mutation rates, as genetic diversity provides a rich substrate for a virus' evolution in the face of varying intrahost environments [7,10,34-38]. This concept is central to viral quasispecies theory, which generally proposes a link between genetic diversity and viral fitness [24,25]. Here, we define the selective forces that shape viral mutation rates by studying an antimutator variant. The 3D G64S mutant of poliovirus was selected after serial passage in ribavirin, an RNA virus mutagen. The RNA dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp, 3D) of this variant contains a single glycine to serine substitution [5-7]. The basal mutation rate of 3D G64S is reported to be ~20-30% that of wild type virus (WT). While the 3D G64S mutant is attenuated in poliovirus receptor transgenic mice, the relative importance of replicative speed and fidelity to this phenotype is not clear [7,36]. Biochemical assays of 3D G64S suggest a physicochemical cost of high fidelity, but as in other systems, its contribution to overall fitness remains unquantified [6,19,39]. Results We measured the relative fitness of 3D G64S by direct competition over serial passage by RT-101 qPCR (Fig. 1A) . Here, the fitness of 3D G64S is 0.78 ± 0.01 (n=3 replicates) relative to WT. This is a moderate fitness defect, falling in the th percentile in a dataset of fitness values . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint obtained for point mutants of poliovirus under similar conditions [16] (e.g. HeLa cells, moi 0.1, hour infection cycle, and passages; Fig. 1B ). We also measured the relative growth properties of WT and 3D G64S using a plaque size assay, which measures the growth, burst size, and spread of individual viruses in the absence of competition [40][41][42]. The distribution of clonal plaque sizes was significantly different (p<0.005, unpaired t-test with Welch correction, n=272 WT and n=220 3D G64S plaques), and consistent with a moderate fitness defect in 3D G64S (Fig. In contrast to prior work, we were able to detect a significant replication defect for 3D G64S by one step growth curve, but only with rigorous synchronization, more frequent time points, and larger numbers of replicates (Fig. 1D ). This replication defect was not specific to HeLa, as we observed a similar lag for 3D G64S in a 3T3 cell line that we derived from mouse embryonic fibroblasts from poliovirus receptor transgenic mice (PVR-3T3, Fig. 1E ). These data demonstrate that the fitness defect of 3D G64S is largely attributable to its slower replicative kinetics and is consistent with biochemical assays on purified RdRp [6,39]. The reduced mutation rate and replicative fitness of 3D G64S suggest a trade-off between speed and fidelity in RNA virus replication. Here, the fitness gain from increased replicative speed is offset by a reduction in fitness due to increased mutational load. We derived a quantitative model of this trade-off (see SI Model 1) by measuring the replicative fitness (Fig. 1F ) and mutation rate (Fig. 1G, Table S1 ) of WT and 3D G64S under exposure to an exogenous mutagen, ribavirin [43]. Wild type and 3D G64S had equal fitness at approximately 150µM ribavirin. Based on these data, our model indicates that WT incurs a fitness cost of 0.137 from mutational load alone. Therefore, any fitness benefit of the high baseline mutation rates in WT would presumably need to offset this cost. In 3D G64S , the cost of mutational load is reduced to 0.037. If viral RdRp are constrained by a speed-fidelity trade-off, selection for increased replicative speed (r-selection) will increase mutation rate. We subjected the 3D G64S-1nt point mutant	-7.320146083831787	15.417309761047363	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Recent research advances are beginning to shed light on the molecular mechanisms by which bats avoid pathology from these otherwise virulent pathogens (Brook and Dobson 2015). Bats leverage a suite of species-specific mechanisms to limit viral load, which include host receptor sequence incompatibilities for some bat-virus combinations (Ng et al. 2015; Igarashi et al. 2020) and constitutive expression of the antiviral cytokine, IFN-, for others (Zhou et al. Typically, the presence of viral RNA or DNA in the cytoplasm of mammalian cells will induce secretion of type I interferon proteins (IFN-and IFN-), which promote expression and translation of interferon-stimulated genes (ISGs) in neighboring cells and render them effectively antiviral (Stetson and Medzhitov 2006). In some bat cells, the transcriptomic blueprints for this IFN response are expressed constitutively, even in the absence of stimulation by viral RNA or DNA (Zhou et al. In non-flying mammals, constitutive IFN expression would likely elicit widespread inflammation and concomitant immunopathology upon viral infection, but bats	9.013165473937988	31.972841262817383	0
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint SOX displays robust, sequence-specific RNA binding to residues proximal to the cleavage site, which must be presented in a particular structural context. The strength of SOX binding dictates cleavage efficiency, providing an explanation for the breadth of target RNA susceptibility observed in cells. Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) is an oncogenic human virus that causes Kaposi's sarcoma, primary effusion lymphoma, and multicentric Castleman disease. During viral replication, KSHV expresses an enzyme called SOX that cuts and inactivates the majority of cellular messenger RNAs, preventing their translation into proteins. Some mRNAs are efficiently cleaved by SOX, while others are poorly cleaved, but the mechanistic basis underlying this selectivity has remained largely unknown. Here, we reveal that the efficiency of RNA cleavage is heavily impacted by RNA sequences proximal to the cleavage site, which serve as a SOX binding platform. This helps explain both the range of RNA cleavage efficiency observed in SOX-expressing cells as well as the sequence specificity underlying SOX targeting.	-7.112340927124023	22.20728302001953	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint The 2-5A system is also a surveillance pathway for endogenous dsRNAs from mammalian genomes. Cells with adenosine deaminase (ADAR1) deficiency accumulate self-dsRNA that promotes 2-5A-driven apoptosis . 2-5A synthesis in the presence of low amounts of endogenous dsRNAs does not cause cell death, but functions as a suppressor of adhesion, proliferation, migration, and prostate cancer metastasis 17,18 . Additionally, activation of the 2-5A system also blocks secretion of milk . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	-3.7439424991607666	33.22486877441406	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint a useful, if imperfect, model for transmission between humans [21, 22]. The application of bioinformatic techniques to data from these experiments has identified 'selective bottlenecks' in the experimental evolu-46 tion of these viruses [23, 24], whereby some genetic variants appear to be more transmissible than others. In these studies, selection has been considered in terms of the population diversity statistic π; changes in π N /π S , the ratio between non-synonymous and synonymous diversity, have been used to evaluate patterns of selection across different viral segments. We here note the need for a greater clarity of thinking in the analysis of viral transmission events. For example, analysis of genetic variants in viral populations shows that synonymous and non-synonymous mutations both have fitness consequences for viruses [25, 26]; the use of synonymous variants as a neu-54 tral reference set may not hold. More fundamentally, in an event where the effective population size is small, the influences of selection and genetic drift may be of similar magnitude [27]. However selection is assessed, this implies a need to separate stochastic changes in a population from selection, especially where a transmission bottleneck may include only a small number of viruses [5, 13, 28]. The attribution of a change in diversity to the action of selection or the attribution of changes in allele frequencies to genetic drift could both potentially be flawed. Given the increasing availability of sequence data, more sophisticated tools for the analysis of viral transmission are required. Here we note three challenges in the analysis of data from viral transmission events. Firstly, selection can produce changes in a population equivalent to those arising through a neutral population bottle-64 neck [29] (Figure 1A), making it necessary to distinguish between the two scenarios. A broad literature has considered the simultaneous inference of the magnitude of selection acting upon a variant along with an effective population size [30-35]. However, such approaches rely on the observation of an allele fre-67 quency at more than two time points so as to distinguish a deterministic model of selection (with an implied infinite effective population size) from a combined model of selection with genetic drift; such approaches cannot be directly applied to the analysis of viral transmission. Secondly, inferences of transmission events need to account for the haplotype structure of viral pop-72 ulations, whereby whole viruses, rather than sets of independent alleles, are transmitted (Figure 1B). The low rate of homologous recombination in segments of the influenza virus [36, 37] implies that viral evolution proceeds at the haplotype level [38]; competition occurs between collections of linked alleles, or segments, rather than the individual alleles themselves. Under such circumstances, fitter variants do not always increase in frequency within a population [39-41]. Calculations of genetic drift, which are often derived from the evolution of independent variants [42], need to be adjusted to account for this more complex dynamics. Thirdly, noise in the measurement of a population may influence the inferred size of a transmission bottleneck (Figure 1C). A broad range of studies have examined the effect of noise in variant calling and genome sequence analysis [43-50]; more recently formulae have been proposed to measure the preci-83 sion with which allele frequencies can be defined given samples from a population [51-53]. Where small changes in allele frequencies are used to assess a population bottleneck, it is important to separate the effects of noise in the measurement of populations from genuine changes in a population. We here describe a novel method for the inference of population bottlenecks which resolves the above issues. Our approach correctly evaluates changes in a population even where the data describing that change is affected by noise. It explicitly accounts for the haplotype structure of a population, utilising the data present within short sequence reads. Further, where these factors can be discriminated, our method distinguishes between the influences on the population of selection and the transmission bottleneck. Studies of viral evolution have highlighted the potential for payoffs between within-host viral growth and . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint transmissibility [54]; given sufficient data we can evaluate how selection operates upon each of these two phenotypes. Our model extends previous population genetic work on bottleneck inference to provide a generalised model for the analysis of data spanning viral transmission events. Results Model outline In the recent literature, the term 'bottleneck' has been applied to describe a reduction in the genetic diversity of a population (e.g. [55]), whether arising from selection or a numerical reduction in the size of a population. Here, we define a 'bottleneck' more strictly as a neutral process whereby a finite number of viral particles from one population found a subsequent generation of the population, either within the same host, or across a transmission event from host to recipient. Selection then constitutes a modification to this process whereby some viruses, because of their genotype, have a higher or lower probability of making it through the bottleneck to found the next generation. We applied a population genetic method to make a joint inference of the bottleneck size and the extent of selection acting during a transmission event. We consider a scenario in which a viral population is transmitted from one host to another, with samples being collected before and after the transmission event (Figure 2A ). In our model viruses are categorised as haplotypes, that is, according to the variants they contain at a subset of positions in their genome. As such, the viral population is represented as a vector of haplotype frequencies; the population before transmission is represented by the vector q B . During transmission, a random sample of N T viruses are passed on to the second host to give the founder population q F . Selection for transmissibility, whereby genetic variants cause some viruses to be more transmissible than others, is described by the function S T . The potentially small size of the founder pop-115 ulation means that the population evolves within the host under the influence of genetic drift to create the large post-transmission population q A ; this process is approximated in our model by a population bottleneck of effective size N G . Selection acting for within-host growth may further alter the genetic composition of the population; this effect is described by the function S G . Our method thus allows for a discrimination to be made between selection for increased within-host replication and for increased viral transmissibility. Observations of the population are collected before and after transmission via a noisy sequencing process to give the datasets x A and x B . The extent of noise in the sampling and sequencing is characterised by the parameter C; a value of C = would indicate that samples contain no information, while a large C corresponds to noiseless sampling, as in a binomial model. To summarise our approach, we note that both the transmission and within-host growth events can be represented as sampling processes, which may each be biased by the effect of selection. As such, given an estimate of the noise inherent to the sequencing process, and externally-derived estimates for N G and S G , we can calculate an approximate likelihood for the parameters N T and S T given the observations x B and x A . Maximising this likelihood gives an estimate for the size of the transmission bottleneck and the extent to which specific genetic variants within the pre-transmission population confer increased transmissibility upon viruses. In our model we discriminate between changes in a population arising from selection and those aris-134 ing due to the population bottleneck. This is achieved by considering regions of the genome between which recombination or reassortment has removed linkage disequilibrium between alleles ( Figure 2B ). As transmission involves whole viruses, the bottleneck N T is preserved between regions. Meanwhile, in the absence of epistasis, selection acting upon one region of the virus does not influence the composition of the population in other parts of the genome. As such, a cross-region calculation estimates both N T and the . doi: bioRxiv preprint involving the absolute number of reads of a genome position, which specifies the depth of noise-free reads that would produce the same degree of certainty in an allele frequency. This statistic is dominated by the smaller of C and the absolute read depth; for large C this statistic is close to the absolute read depth, while as the number of reads describing a variant frequency becomes large, the effective depth tends to C + 1. Inferences of bottleneck sizes showed a limit on the inferred bottleneck size governed by noise in se-	-14.51682186126709	-13.429895401000977	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint and/or efficiency of recombination. We conclude that the field will be served best by continued emphasis on discovery of manipulatable functions of the RdRp instead of debating the importance of individual properties. pathogens), viral outbreaks over the past few decades have been caused by viruses for which surveillance was not considered a priority. Rapid response to an outbreak caused by an unexpected viral pathogen requires, minimally, the existence of broad-spectrum, antiviral therapeutics. Prevention requires the availability of vaccines, development of which could take years. Indeed, approved vaccines still do not exist to prevent infections by West Nile virus or severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus, and these outbreaks occurred more than one decade ago. Because all RNA viruses encode an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) with conserved function and mechanism, this enzyme has emerged as an attractive target for development of broad-64 spectrum therapeutics (1-3) and a target for function/mechanism-based strategies for viral attenuation (4-9). One function/mechanism of the RdRp that has been targeted most is that required for faithful incorporation of nucleotides (4-9). Changing RdRp fidelity decreases or increases the genetic variation of the viral population, which, in turn, decreases fitness and virulence of the viral population (10-15). Known RdRp variants exhibiting a high-fidelity phenotype can also exhibit a reduced speed of nucleotide incorporation, at least at the biochemical level (16). Replication speed is also a determinant of viral fitness and virulence (17). So, is it the increased fidelity or decreased speed of nucleotide . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint addition that gives rise to the attenuated phenotype? Further complicating the fidelity-versus-speed question are the recent observations that changes to fidelity also have consequence for the efficiency of recombination (18-23). Increased RdRp fidelity decreases recombination efficiency and vice versa (18-23). It will likely be impossible to attribute a single biochemical property of the RdRp to biological outcome. The most extensively studied PV fidelity mutants encode RdRps with amino acid substitutions at sites remote from the active site. Constructing equivalent substitutions conferring equivalent phenotypes in RdRps other than PV is difficult if not impossible. Our laboratory has therefore pursued active-site-based strategies to manipulate the fidelity, speed, and/or recombination efficiency of the RdRp (24). We have shown that a lysine (Lys-359 in PV) present in conserved structural motif D of the RdRp contributes to the efficiency of nucleotidyl transfer (24). A PV mutant encoding a K359R RdRp is attenuated but elicits a protective immune response in mice that is at least as robust as the immune response elicited by the type Sabin vaccine strain (6). In this study, we characterize a second motif-D mutant of PV (K359H). Unlike the K359R RdRp-85 encoding virus (6), K359H PV is genetically unstable and acquires mutations encoding two second-site amino acid substitutions after a few passages in cell culture. Together, the two substitutions restore all biochemical properties of the derivative to near wild-type levels. Individually, however, we observe differences in the mechanism (copy-choice vs. forced-copy-choice) and efficiency of recombination by each derivative, although each derivative exhibits equivalent speed and fidelity. We conclude that biochemical properties in addition to speed and fidelity must exist and contribute to both the mechanism and efficiency of recombination. The desire to attribute single, biochemical properties of the viral RdRp to fitness, virulence, and pathogenesis may be futile. Results K359H PV requires two second-site substitutions to restore a "wild-type" growth phenotype Most studies of RdRp fidelity have benefited from the selection of derivatives that were either more or less sensitive to a mutagenic nucleoside (25-30). Almost invariably, the derivatives changed residues remote from the catalytic site, thus using an allosteric mechanism to perturb fidelity. Among the most famous of these is the G64S substitution in PV RdRp (15, 16, 26). Many years ago, our laboratory showed that the active site of all polymerases contain a general acid, Lys-359 in the case of PV RdRp, that protonated the pyrophosphate leaving group during nucleotidyl transfer, thereby increasing the catalytic efficiency of RdRp (24). Substitutions of Lys-359 in PV RdRp give rise to changes in fidelity (6, 17). The arginine substitution of Lys-359 (K359R RdRp) and the histidine substitution (K359H RdRp) catalyze nucleotidyl transfer at a rate 10-fold lower than wild type (24).	-7.026137828826904	15.94484806060791	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint attenuation as a major component of future live-attenuated coronavirus vaccines. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint However, the broad conservation of NSP16 coupled with robust viral yields permitted its use in combination with another attenuating mutation in NSP14, exonuclease (ExoN) activity. Targeting both conserved coronavirus activities produced a stable, attenuated virus capable of protection from heterologous challenge, efficacy in aged mice, and absence of reversion in immunocompromised models. Together, the results indicate that targeting coronavirus NSP16 may be a critical component of a future live attenuated coronavirus vaccine approach. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint SARS-CoV induce severe weight loss, fail to recover, and several succumb to infection (Fig. 1B) . Notably, while the SARS NSP16 mutant induces weight loss, mice recover from infection diverging from wild-type infection days post infection. Examining viral replication, the NSP16 . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint (SHC014-MA15). Our results indicate that the attenuated 2'O MTase SARS-CoV mutant is capable of inducing robust protection from the zoonotic group 2B spike virus in terms of disease. Weight loss data, viral lung titer, and hemorrhage score indicated little to no disease in mice vaccinated with dNSP16 compared to mock vaccinated mice ( Fig. 2A-C) . Importantly, while not equivalent to neutralization of wild-type SARS-CoV, sera from dNSP16-vaccinated mice were able to effectively block the SHC014 chimeric virus, likely contributing to protection	10.78940200805664	21.610319137573242	10
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint conditions. The absence of any clear annotation in the N-terminal part of the protein, including two small regions predicted as disordered, but in which a potential order is detected, suggests the presence of an un-detected domain of unknown function [4]).	-15.855548858642578	3.6143569946289062	8
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint impact of competition and depletion on the mean forward generation interval. In addition to a baseline scenario we present three artificial scenarios accounting for different levels of competition and depletion level since in the SIR model these phenomena cannot be disentangle. Finally, we conclude by explaining under which conditions the two hypotheses give rise to the generation interval contraction. Average values of duration (T max ), final size (F S), mean forward (ω f ) and mean backward (ω b ) generation times, maximum, minimum and range of the loess regression (Max loess, Min loess and Range loess) and depletion intensity (ϕ).	-16.263729095458984	-9.998027801513672	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint in mycetoma patients revealed a significant negative association with IL-12, as a unit increment in IL-12 decreases the levels of IL-35by 8.99 pg/ml (p < 0.001). Levels of IL-35 among the patients with duration of mycetoma infection ≤ one year had significantly decreased (p-value = 0.002) on average by 41.82 compared to patients with a duration of mycetoma infection ≥ five years (reference group). In conclusion, this study indicates that both IL-35 and IL-37 are negatively associated with the levels of IL-1β and IL-12 in eumycetoma mycetoma infection; and high levels of IL-37 and IL-35 may have a negative impact on disease progression. Authors Summary Mycetoma is a progressive chronic granulomatous fungal or bacterial infection that may result in massive destruction of subcutaneous tissues, muscles and bones. Mycetoma is a neglected disease which is endemic in many tropical and subtropical areas. If the disease is not treated properly, eventually it ends up with amputation and adverse medical, health and socioeconomic effects on patients and the community. Previous data suggested a crucial role of adaptive immunity in host resistance to causative agents and the disease progression. The recently identified IL -35 and IL-37 cytokines revealed an important role in immune suppression. Nevertheless, the expression of these interleukins in patients with mycetoma has not yet been investigated. Therefore, the present case-control study aimed to determine the levels of IL-1 family (IL-1β, IL-37) and IL-12 family (IL-12, IL-35) in these patients and the association between these cytokines levels and the patients' demographic characteristics. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint The results of this study showed that the levels of IL-37 and IL-35 were consistently positively correlated with different diameters of mycetoma lesions as well as its duration. However, the levels of IL-1β and IL-12 were consistently negatively correlated with different diameters of lesions and the duration of mycetoma infection. The analysis of the risk factors of higher circulatory levels of IL-37 in patients of mycetoma showed a significant negative association with IL-1β cytokine. Furthermore, the risk factors of higher levels of IL-35 in patients of mycetoma revealed a significant negative association with IL-12. These findings uncover a possible the role of IL-35 and IL-37 in	24.16208839416504	-14.276803970336914	0
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint inter-family host-switching events of PyV in mammals and challenge the prevailing evolutionary paradigm for strict host restriction of mammalian PyVs. Author summary Since the discovery of murine polyomavirus in the 1950s, polyomaviruses (PyVs) have been considered both genetically stable and highly host-restricted in their mammalian hosts. In this study, we have identified multiple cases of host-switching events of PyVs by large scale surveillance in diverse bat species collected in China. These host-switching events occurred between bat families living in the same colony, indicating that a large population with frequent contacts between different bat species may represent an ecological niche facilitating PyV host-switching. The cases studied involved members of bats from several families, including horseshoe bats, which were previously found to harbor a number of highly virulent viruses to both humans and domestic animals. Our findings have provided evidence that even highly host-specific DNA viruses can transmit between bats of different species and indicate an increased propensity for spillover events involving horseshoe bats. We propose an evolutionary scheme for bat-borne PyVs in which intra-host divergence and host-switching has generated the diverse PyVs in present day bats. This scheme provides a useful model to study the evolution of PyVs in other hosts and, potentially, the modeling of bat zoonoses and the transmission of other DNA viruses in other mammals, including humans. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Bats (order Chiroptera) account for more than 20% of mammalian species with > 1,100 known species in > genera worldwide [1]. These diverse mammals harbor numerous highly virulent viral pathogens, including rabies virus [2], Marburg virus [3], Ebola virus [4], Nipah virus [5], severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-related coronavirus [6-8] and the newly identified swine acute diarrhea syndrome coronavirus [9]. Spillover of viruses from bats to humans or domestic animals can give rise to outbreaks of emerging infectious diseases [10]. Polyomaviruses (PyVs) are non-enveloped icosahedral DNA viruses containing a circular and highly stable double-stranded DNA genome [11, 12]. PyVs can induce neoplastic transformation in cell culture [12], and are associated with malignancy in humans [13, 14] and raccoons [15]. Currently, species carried by various mammals, birds and fish are recognized within the family Polyomaviridae by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses (ICTV) and classified into four separate genera (Alpha-, Beta-, Gamma-and Deltapolyomavirus) with nine floating species [16]. Recent identification of diverse PyV-like sequences in different fish species [17] and invertebrates (including arachnids and insects) has revealed a deep co-evolutionary history of PyVs with their metazoan hosts [17]. PyVs are highly host-specific in different mammalian species, and long-range host jumps leading to productive infection and transmission within mammalian genera are considered rare or nonexistent [17, 18]. Recently, an intra-host divergence model with contributions from viral lineage duplication, recombination and, potentially, host-switching at evolutionary timescales has been proposed to explain the extant diversity based on the available genetic data [17]. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Currently, alphapolyomaviruses and betapolyomaviruses have been formally recognized in insectivorous and frugivorous bat species within the Americas, Africa, Southeast Asia (Indonesia) and the Pacific (New Zealand) [19-26]. These studies identified significant diversity and high positive rates (10-20 %) using PCR-based approaches [27]. PyVs with complete or partial genomes has also been identified by metagenomic analyses in bats collected in China and recently from Saudi Arabia [28-30]. Investigation of PyVs in African insectivorous and frugivorous bats [25, 26] has revealed evidence for short-range host-switching events of PyVs in horseshoe bats (family Rhinolophidae, genus Rhinolophus) following identification of nearly identical viruses (99.9% at the genomic level) in Rh. blasii and Rh. simulator [26]. In the present study, we have characterized the diversity and genetic relationships of novel PyVs from a large number of insectivorous and frugivorous bat samples collected in diverse ecological environments in China, resulting in the identification of inter-family host-switching events in these bat-borne PyVs. The findings challenge the prevailing paradigm of intra-host PyV diversification in their mammalian hosts and extend the knowledge of PyV genetic diversity, evolution, host restriction and host-switching.	10.257484436035156	0.11706811189651489	10
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint models show that increasing the vaccine inoculum size or ensuring that the inoculum is mostly pure vaccine can largely avoid the loss of immunity arising from evolution.	-13.355100631713867	-12.879716873168945	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint of the disease dynamics and improving our ability to choose the optimal intervention strategy. We developed and tested a likelihood-based inference method based on a mechanistic model of the spillover and human-to-human transmission processes. We first used simulated datasets to explore which information about the disease dynamics of a subcritical zoonotic pathogen could be successfully extracted from a line-list surveillance dataset with non-localized spatial information and unknown geographic coverage. We then applied the method to a dataset of human monkeypox cases detected during an active surveillance program in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between and to obtain estimates of the reproductive number, spillover rate, and spatial dispersal of monkeypox in humans. [1][2] [3] [4] [5][6][7][8]. By definition, zoonotic pathogens can transmit from animals to humans; those also capable of human-to-human transmission are of particular public health concern [5, 9] . Infectious disease surveillance serves a crucial role for detecting and gathering information on zoonotic pathogens: data obtained through surveillance are often the primary resource available for informing public health management decisions [10]. Developing methods that improve our ability to infer information about a pathogen's transmission dynamics from available surveillance data is therefore an essential frontier for understanding and ultimately combating these pathogens [11, 12]. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint For zoonoses, three epidemiological measures are crucial for summarizing transmission dynamics and informing risk assessments. The first of these is the spillover rate, which indicates how frequently the pathogen is transmitted from the animal reservoir into humans and helps inform the total expected disease incidence [13]. The second measure describes the pathogen's potential for further spread once in the human population and is commonly assessed using the reproductive number (R), which gives the average number of secondary human cases caused by an infectious individual [14, 15]. Values of R greater than one indicate that the pathogen is capable of sustained (i.e. 'supercritical') transmission in humans. Pathogens with subcritical transmission (R less than one but greater than zero) can cause limited chains of transmission in humans after a zoonotic introduction, and they pose a risk of acquiring ability for supercritical transmission via evolutionary or environmental change [2,5,16]. The third epidemiological measure is the distance over which human-to-human transmission occurs, which informs how the disease will spread spatially and the risk of it being introduced into new populations. Combined, these three measures can help evaluate the current public health threat posed by the pathogen, the risk of future emergence, and the most effective approaches for disease management. Estimating epidemiological measures is a challenging task in any pathogen system, and the unique properties of zoonotic diseases can exacerbate these difficulties. Infectious disease surveillance often records temporal information and certain aspects of spatial information about human cases, but the underlying transmission events are seldom observed. In a zoonotic system, this means that an observed human infection could have been caused by a previous human case or by zoonotic spillover. Without intensive contact tracing, or sequence data in the case of fast-87 evolving pathogens, quantifying the relative contribution of zoonotic versus human-to-human . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint transmission is a major challenge; identifying the source of infection for specific individuals is an even bigger one. Epidemiological analyses are often hindered by data truncation and unknown denominators [17,18]. In many disease surveillance systems, the total set of localities under surveillance (i.e. those that would appear in the dataset if a case occurred there) can be separated into 'observed localities,' which appear in the dataset because they reported one or more cases, and 'silent localities,' which have no cases during the surveillance period and therefore do not appear in the dataset. This form of truncation, where localities with zero cases are absent from the dataset, obscures the true scope of the surveillance effort. Without knowledge of the total number of localities under observation (the 'unknown denominator'), accurately estimating the spillover rate and probability of human-to-human transmission between localities is not straightforward. Simply disregarding these silent localities in the analysis is the functional equivalent of selectively removing zeros from the dataset and can lead to problematic inference biases. Complicating inference efforts further is the fact that surveillance datasets often report the geographic location of cases only at a coarse resolution, obscuring information about a transmission process that occurs on a much finer scale [19] [20][21]. Precise spatial information is often absent from historic datasets and data collected in remote or low-resource areas, replaced by the names of the locality and broader administrative units where the case occurred. For example, only the village name and the region and country to which the village belongs may be recorded in a dataset. Furthermore, linking a village name to spatial coordinates is often impossible when maps of the region do not exist or only unofficial local names are used. Although collecting exact spatial coordinates has become more practical in contemporary disease . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint surveillance, privacy and confidentiality concerns can arise in both human and agricultural contexts when data contains high-resolution spatial information [19, 20,[22][23][24][25], leading to data being reported in a non-localized manner. Methods that can use this inexact spatial information are especially needed for zoonotic diseases, where any additional information about the proximity of human cases to one another can improve the power to distinguish between human-116 to-human transmission and zoonotic spillover. Despite these challenges, a series of research efforts have expanded our ability to estimate the transmission properties of zoonotic pathogens from case onset data. A key set of methods revolve around inferring R from the sizes of case clusters (a cluster is defined as a group of cases that occur in close spatiotemporal proximity to one another) or from the proportion of observed cases that were infected by zoonotic spillover [16,[26][27][28][29][30]. However, these approaches either require detailed case investigations to determine whether a case was infected by a zoonotic or human source or assume that each cluster is caused by one single spillover event followed by human-to-human transmission. A likelihood-based approach for estimating R for human-to-125 human transmission using only symptom onset dates of cases was introduced by Wallinga and Teunis [31]. This method was extended to apply to zoonotic systems by Lo Iacono et al. [32], but the extension requires that chains of exclusively human-to-human transmission can be identified, and is thus not applicable to many zoonotic surveillance systems where human and zoonotic transmissions are intermixed. A different approach was taken by White and Pagano [33], who introduced a different likelihood-based method that compares the observed number of cases on each day with the expected number, as calculated using the number and timing of previous cases. Though the White and Pagano approach was only applicable to human-to-human transmission, it was expanded by Kucharski et al. [34] to work in zoonotic spillover systems in scenarios where a . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint precise geographic information should it be available, in this study we focus on the more challenging scenario in which only the names of the locality and broader administrative units where a case occurred are known. To make use of this form of non-localized spatial data, our model considers two scales of spatial mixing and transmission (Fig 1A) , reminiscent of the 'epidemics with two levels of mixing' structure utilized in Ball et al. [41] and Demiris and O'Neill [42]. The first mixing level is the locality in which the case occurred, such as a village, conceptualized as a group of individuals geographically separated from other localities. We assume that individuals within the same locality have more frequent contact with one another . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint human-to-human transmission, and orange if infected by between-locality human-to-human transmission. Individuals who are not infected are colored gray and do not appear in the surveillance dataset. Similarly, if zero individuals in a locality are infected, that 'silent locality' does not appear in the dataset (represented by the gray locality in the broader contact zone). The possible sources of human infection, which in aggregate determine the number of new infections on day t, locality v. The number of cases arising from spillover and human-to-human transmissions follow Poisson distributions with means λ Z and λ {s,w},{t,v} , respectively. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint for model comparison. In the monkeypox dataset, contact-tracing data are available for a subset of the cases, providing a rare opportunity to compare inferred transmission sources with those suggested by epidemiological investigation. In addition, some localities were associated with known GPS coordinates, enabling us to estimate the spatial transmission kernel in greater detail. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint validated method to a dataset on human monkeypox cases to estimate key epidemiological parameters and the spatial scale of transmission. To generate simulated test datasets and perform parameter inference, we used a mathematical model of the zoonotic pathogen's transmission into and among humans. The model tracks the number of human cases that occur in each locality on each day; infections can arise from spillover from the zoonotic reservoir or from human-to-220 human transmission (Fig 1B) . Three key parameters govern the behavior of the system. The spillover rate (λ z ) describes the average number of human cases caused by animal-to-human transmission ('primary cases') in each locality per day. The reproductive number of the pathogen . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint correspond to to expected spillover events in the five year simulation period, across all localities). Transmission events between humans had a probability σ=0.75 of occurring within a locality and otherwise were equally likely between any localities in the same broader contact zone. We were interested in seeing how well the inference methods are able to use the spatial-243 temporal arrangement of cases to estimate the true parameter values. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint We tested our method using simulated datasets, with datasets simulated for each of five sets of true parameter values (these are the same datasets as discussed above, simulated with R between 0.2 and 0.6 and spillover rate between 0.0001 and 0.0007). Two hundred plausible transmission trees were sampled for each simulated dataset.	-16.880428314208984	-19.30363655090332	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint orthologous proteins [7] and phylogeny based on protein matrices or gene content [8, 9]. When considered across all genes, systematic errors in genome assembly or annotation would severely skew bulk parameters of a genome. While issues of assembly are often thought to be technical problems that are resolved before continuing, all subsequent analyses are dependent upon accurate genome assembly and annotation. The absence of a protein family in a particular organism is only meaningful if it is certain that it is absent from the genome and not merely the annotation, therefore it is of utmost importance that all genes are properly represented. Yet for most genome projects of non-model organisms, there are limited methods to determine if the assem-49 bly and annotation are sufficient for downstream comparative analyses. Internal metrics can be used, such as the fraction of raw genomic reads or ESTs that map back to the assembly, though this does not tell us if a gene is believable in the context of other animals. Alternatively, counts of "universal" single-copy orthologs have been proposed as a metric of genome completeness [10, 11] , though these genes only represent a small subset of all genes (few hundred out of tens of thousands in most animals). Identification of universal trends in genome organization and transcription may enable better quantita-56 tive metrics of genome completeness. Mechanistic models relating to evolution of gene content or coding fractions tended to focus on bacteria or archaea because of the relative ease of annotation. In regards to eukaroytes, some patterns in genome size have been discussed [12-14]. Additionally, a handful of studies have analyzed genome size in connection to other parameters such as indels [15], transposon content [16-19], average intron length [20, 21] or total intron length [18]. Despite these advances, none of these studies have estimated the amount of the genome that is genic (exonic plus intronic, including non-coding) based on in-62 dependent examination of single genomes and without averaging over a whole kingdom. Additionally, none of them have described a way to account for technical problems in assembly and annotation. Here we examine basic trends of genome size and the relationship to annotation quality across animals and some single-celled eukaryotes. We show that assembly and annotation errors are widespread and pre-67 dictable and that many genomes are likely to be missing many genes. We further show that re-annotation of select species with publicly available tools and transcriptome data improves the annotation. Future users may benefit if databases incorporate more recent data from transcriptome sequencing, and update annota-70 tion versions more frequently. Comparison of genomic composition across many animal groups indicated a ratio of introns:intergenic approaching 1:1, suggesting this as a potential parameter to identify genome com-72 pleteness across metazoans, and potentially other eukaryotes. Finally, this implies that animals transcribe at least half of their genomes whereby small, exon-rich genomes transcribe most of the genome and large genomes transcribe approximately half of the genome. Methods Genomic data sources Data sources and parameters are available in Supplemental Table 1. Genomic scaffolds and annotations for Ciona intestinalis [22], Branchiostoma floridae [23], Trichoplax ad-81 herens [24], Capitella teleta [25], Lottia gigantea [25], Helobdella robusta [25], Saccoglossus kowalevskii [26], Monosiga brevicollis [27], Emiliania huxleyi [28], and Volvox carteri [29] were downloaded from the JGI genome portal. Genome assemblies and annotations for Sphaeroforma arctica, Capsaspora owczarzaki [30] and Salpin-86 goeca rosetta [31] were downloaded from the Broad Institute. GFF annotations v2.1 [32] for Amphimedon queenslandica were downloaded from the Amphimedon Genome website and v1 annotations [33] and as-90 semblies were downloaded from Ensembl. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint For Nematostella vectensis, Nemve1 assembly and annotations [34] were downloaded from JGI, and the transcriptome for comparative reannotation was downloaded from [35]. Genome assembly, transcriptome assemblies from Cufflinks and Trinity, and GFF annotations for Mne-96 miopsis leidyi [8] were downloaded from the Mnemiopsis Genome Portal Assembly and annotations for Sycon ciliatum [36] were downloaded from COMPAGEN. Assembly and annotation for Botryllus schlosseri [37] were downloaded from the Botryllus Schlloseri genome project Database (ciliate.org). Assembly and annotation for Symbiodinium kawagutii [40] were downloaded from the Dinoflagellate Resources page (web.malab.cn/symka new/index.jsp). Assemblies and annotations for Symbiodinium minutum [41], Pinctada fucata [42], Acropora digitifera [43], Lingula anatina [44], Ptychodera flava [26], and Octopus bimaculoides [45] were downloaded from the OIST Marine Genomics Browser zon marinus [61], Callorhinchus milii [62], Crassostrea gigas [63], Dendroctonus ponderosae [64], Tribolium castaneum [65], Bombyx mori [66], Limulus polyphemus [67] were downloaded from the NCBI Genome server. Genome assemblies and annotations of Caenorhabditis elegans [68], Drosophila melanogaster, Strongy-119 locentrotus purpuratus [69], Daphnia pulex [70], Apis mellifera [71], Ixodes scapularis [72], Strigamia mar-120 itima [73] were downloaded from Ensembl.	-13.57468318939209	-4.054680347442627	6
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint potato virus (PVY) highlight the ability of the growing methodologies and design principles within RNA synthetic biology (18) to contribute to real world applications. We hope that these developments can be incorporated within other synthetic biology-based diagnostic platforms (5) to enable PoUDs to be developed and delivered to regions of the world that need them most.	-8.387655258178711	4.034727573394775	6
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint prolonged starvation and involved in mitochondrial metabolism, we hypothesized that PGC-1α might be related with the cell cycle function of Bcl-2. Here, we showed that PGC-1α was upregulated upon Bcl-2 overexpression and downregulated following Bcl-2 knockdown during serum starvation. Knockdown of PGC-1α activated Bcl-2 expression. Taken together, our results suggest that after serum depletion, PGC-1α might coordinate with Bcl-2 to reduce ROS, which in turn delay cell cycle progression.	0.3446923792362213	37.85032653808594	0
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint proportion of infectious agents i represents the probability that an agent is paired with an infectious agent and the per time step probability of an agent in either state S or P being infected is either ib S or ib P , respectively. In addition to interacting, susceptible and prophylactic agents 4/23 . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint model is a rational choice model that assumes agents are self-interested and rational; thus they adopt the behavior with the largest utility over the planning horizon, H. Note that the planning horizon is a construct used to calculate utilities and it does not affect the time until an agent has an opportunity to make another decision within the disease dynamics model. The planning horizon is the time in the future over which agents calculate their utilities. In order for the agent to make these calculations, we make the following assumptions about agents 6/23	-13.043523788452148	-14.43530559539795	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint reasonably confident that the epidemic has been arrested [2]. Reliably estimat-26 ing meaningful changes in R t is an important problem in epidemiology, since it can forewarn about the growth rate of an outbreak and signify the level of control effort that must be initiated or sustained [3] [4]. The renewal model [5] is a popular approach for inferring salient fluctuations in R t and has been used to predict Ebola virus disease case counts and assess the transmission potential of pandemic influenza and Zika virus, among others [6] [7] [3]. The renewal model may be applied retrospectively to understand the past behaviour of an epidemic or prospectively to gain real-time insight into ongoing outbreak dynamics [8] [5]. We only consider the latter here. Model selection metrics for the former application were investigated in [9]. The prospective ap-36 proach approximates R t with a piecewise-constant function i.e. R t is considered constant or stable over some sliding window of k time units (e.g. days or weeks) into the past, beyond which a discontinuous change is assumed [8]. This formulation models the non-stationary nature of epidemics, capturing the idea that different dynamics are expected during distinct phases (e.g. onset, growth, control) of the epidemic lifetime. The window length, k, is effectively a hypothesis about the stability of R t underpinning the observed epi-curve and is critical to reliably characterising the epidemic because it controls the time-scale over which R t fluctuations are deemed significant. Too large or small a k-value can respectively lead to over-smoothing (which ignores important changes) or to random noise being misinterpreted as meaningful. Inferring under the wrong k can appreciably affect our understanding of an epidemic, as observed in [5], where case reproduction numbers (a common k-grouping of R t ) were found to over-smooth significant changes in HIV transmission, for example. Surprisingly, no principled method for optimally selecting k exists. Current best practice either relies on heuristic choices (including visual trial and error) [6] or provides implicit, minimum thresholds for k [8]. Here we adapt metrics from information theory to develop a simple yet rigorous framework for optimising k. Specifically, we analytically derive the posterior predictive incidence distribution of the renewal model and then minimise its accumulated prediction error (APE) [10] over the space of possible k, to obtain k * . The APE is a formal, data-57 driven, model selection strategy that identifies the k * most justified by the available incidence data by optimising for short-term predictive accuracy [11] . The renewal model with this k * best explains the observed epi-curve. The APE metric is valid for all sample sizes, is easily computed for models of arbitrary dimension and is strongly linked to Bayesian model selection (BMS), cross validation and minimum description length (MDL) [12] [13]. Unlike many standard model selection approaches, the APE accounts for parametric com-64 plexity, which describes how functional dependencies among parameters matter [14]. Ignoring parametric complexity is known to promote suboptimal renewal model selection performance [9]. The APE metric deems the model that best predicts unseen data from the same underlying process, and not the one that best fits existing data, as optimal and of justified complexity [15]. It . doi: bioRxiv preprint term incidence predictions. The performance, speed and computational ease of our approach makes it suitable for real-time forecasting and model selection. It could serve as a stand-alone computational tool or be integrated within ex-74 isting real-time frameworks, such as in [4], to provide emerging insights into infectious transmission dynamics, or to assess the prospective efficacy of im-76 plemented interventions (e.g. vaccination or quarantine). Public health policy decisions or preparedness plans based on improperly specified k-windows could be misinformed or overconfident. Our approach will hopefully limit these risks. Results Problem Definition Let the incidence or number of infected cases in an epidemic at present time t, be I t . The incidence curve is a historical record of these case counts from the start of the outbreak [1], and is summarised as I t = {I s : ≤ s ≤ t}, with s as a time-indexing variable. For convenience, we assume that incidence is available on a daily scale so that I t is a vector of t daily counts (though in general weeks or months could be used instead). The associated effective reproduction number and total infectiousness of the epidemic are denoted R t and Λ t , respectively. Here R t is the number of secondary cases that are induced, on average, by a single primary case at t [2], while Λ t measures the cumulative impact of past cases, from the epidemic origin at s = 1, on the present. The generation time distribution of the epidemic, which describes the elapsed time between a primary and secondary case, controls Λ t (see Methods). In the problems we consider, I t and Λ t form our data, the generation time distribution is assumed known, and R t or some grouping of this vector are the parameters to be inferred. The renewal model [5] [6] derives from the classic renewal epidemic trans-96 mission equation [26], and defines the Poisson distributed (Poiss) relationship I t ∼ Poiss (R t Λ t ). This means that P(x) = /x! e −RtΛt (R t Λ t ) x , with x in-98 dexing possible I t values. This formulation assumes maximum epidemic non-99 stationarity (i.e. that transmission statistics change every time unit) and hence only uses the most recent data (I t , Λ t ) to infer the current R t . While this max-101 imises the fitting flexibility of the renewal model, it often results in noisy and unreliable estimates that possess many spurious reproduction number changes [6]. Consequently, grouping is employed. This hypothesises that the repro-104 duction number is constant over a k-day window into the past and leads to a piecewise-constant function that separates salient fluctuations (change-points) from negligible ones (the constant segments) [8] [9]. We use R τ (t) to indicate that the present reproduction number to be inferred is stationary (constant) over the last k points of the incidence curve i.e. the time window τ (t) := {t, t − 1, . , t − k + 1}. The data used to estimate R τ (t) is then (I t t−k+1 , Λ t t−k+1 ). This construction allows us to filter noise and increase estimate reliability but elevates bias. In the Methods we show precisely how grouping achieves this bias-variance trade-off. Choosing k therefore amounts to . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint selecting a belief about the scale over which the epidemic statistics are meaning-114 fully varying and can significantly influence our understanding of the dynamics of the outbreak. Thus, it is necessary to find a principled method for balancing k. Ultimately, we want to find a k, denoted k * , that (i) is best supported by the epi-curve and (ii) maximises our confidence in making real-time, short-term predictions that can inform prospective epidemic responses. This is no trivial task as k * would be sensitive to both the specifically ob-120 served stochastic incidence of an epidemic and to how past infections propagate forward in time. We solve (i)-(ii) by applying the accumulated prediction error (APE) metric from information theory [10], which values models on their capac-123 ity to predict unseen data from the generating process instead of their ability to fit existing data [11]. The properties and mathematical definition of the APE cept I s+1 are included [21]. Comparing this to Eq. (9) (see Methods) we see that APE is a modified CV that is explicitly specialised for non-stationary, accumulating time-series. (c) Lack of a 'true model'. It is highly unlikely that the underlying R t is truly described by one of the piecewise-constant functions assumed within renewal models. Unlike many model selection criteria, the APE does not require a true model to exist within the set being evaluated [14]. It is only interested in finding the model that best predicts the data and so emphasises accurate forecasting and data-justified complexity. However, should a true model exist, the APE is statistically consistent i.e. as data accumulate it will select the data-generating model with probability [14]. We tested our metric on both simulated and empirical datasets. We started by examining various distinct, time-varying reproduction number profiles in Fig. , for which no true model existed. By comparing the APE-optimised k * against long and short window sizes, we found that not only does APE meaningfully balance R t estimates to achieve good prediction capacity, but also that getting k wrong could promote strikingly different conclusions from the same dataset. This behaviour held consistent for outbreaks with both small and large numbers of infecteds. We then investigated several step-changing reproduction number examples in Fig. to better expose the underlying mechanics of our approach, and to showcase its performance on epidemics with strong non-stationary transmission. These examples featured rapid changes, also known as events in information theory, caused by effective and ineffective countermeasures [4]. In all cases, our metric responded rapidly whilst maintaining reliable incidence predictions in real-time. Such rapid, event-triggered responses (as in Fig. 5) are known to be time-efficient [22]. A key objective of short-term forecasting is the speedy diagnosis of intervention efficacy. confirmed the practical value of our method towards this objective. While our metric is promising, we caution that much work remains to be done. Standard Poisson renewal models, such as those we have considered here, make several limiting assumptions including that (i) all cases are detected (i.e. there is no significant sampling bias), (ii) the serial interval and generation time distribution coincide and do not change over the epidemic lifetime and (iii) that heterogeneities in transmission within the infected population have negligible effect [8]. Our analysis of H1N1 influenza (1918) and SARS (2003) flagged some of these concerns. Comparing the k * to previously recommended weekly windows led to some interesting revelations. The APE approach selected a notably shorter window (k * = days) for both datasets. While this produced noisy R s estimates that seemed less reliable than those obtained with weekly windows, the predicted incidence values were central to understanding this discrepancy. The weekly windows were considerably worse at forecasting the observed epi-curve, often systematically biased around the peak of the epidemic and sometimes predicting multi-modal curves that were not reflected by the existing data. From a model selection perspective, the shorter windows are therefore justified. However, the noisy R t estimates are still undesirable. Both datasets are known to potentially contain super-spreading heterogeneities and other biases that may lead to outliers [17] [8]. Moving-average filters were applied in [17] . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint to remove these artefacts from the H1N1 data. We used the same technique to regularise both datasets and then re-applied the APE. Results remained consistent, providing evidence for the use of more flexible negative binomial renewal models, which can better handle these biases. In an upcoming study we will adapt the APE for these more general renewal methods. Real-time, model-based epidemic forecasts are quickly becoming an inte-410 gral prognostic for resource allocation and strategic intervention planning [23]. As global infectious disease threats elevate, model-supported predictions, which can inform decision making, have become imperative. However, much is still un-413 known about the fundamentals of epidemic prediction and this uncertainty has inspired some reluctance in public health applications [23]. As a result, recent studies have called for careful evaluation of the predictive capacity of models, and demonstrated the importance of having standard metrics to compare models and qualify their uncertainties [24] [25]. Here we have presented one such metric. Short-term forecasts aid immedi-419 ate decision making and are more actionable than long-term ones (reliability decreases sharply with prediction horizon) [24] [23]. While we focussed on re-421 newal models, the general APE metric of Eq. (9) can select among diverse types of models, facilitating comparative evaluation of their short-term predictive ca-423 pacity and reliability. Its direct use of posterior predictive distributions within an honest, causal framework allows proper and problem-specific inclusion of uncertainty [11]. Common metrics such as the mean absolute error lack this adaptation [24]. Given its information-theoretic links and demonstrated perfor-427 mance we hope that our APE-based method can serve as a rigorous benchmark [9] K. Parag and C. Donnelly, "Adaptive estimation for epidemic renewal and phylogenetic skyline models," BioRxiv, 2019.	-18.06656265258789	-13.680108070373535	5
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint relies on a complex set of phosphorylations mainly mediated by the TANK-binding kinase (TBK1)/ IκB kinase epsilon (IKKε) kinases 13-17 . NF-κB, mainly p65/p50, activation during SeV and RSV infections occurs through IκB kinase (IKK)-dependent phosphorylation of the NF-κB inhibitor protein IκBα and of the p65 subunit 18, . The signaling cascade leading to AP-1 activation is more elusive, but ultimately results in the phosphorylation of the nuclear Activating Transcription Factor (ATF-2) and c-Jun subunits by JNK and p38 Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinases (MAPKs) 10,20,21 . The activation of these transcription factors promotes the transcription of early antiviral genes, type I/III IFNs and proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines 12, 22, . In response to IFNs, hundreds of interferon-stimulated genes (ISGs) are induced to limit virus replication through enhancement of virus detection and innate immune signaling, cytoskeleton remodelling, inhibition of protein translation, induction of apoptosis, amongst other antiviral functions 24-26 . These same PRRs have also been shown to activate IFN-independent cell death pathways, including apoptosis . Post-translational modifications (PTMs), including phosphorylation, ubiquitylation and acetylation, of signal transduction proteins involved in the pathways engaged downstream of virus sensing are crucial to reach a fine-tuned regulation of the innate immune response . In light of the very well documented importance of phosphorylation PTMs in the regulation of the antiviral response, the protein phosphatases negatively regulating the signaling events have started to be identified. The exact role of the Ser/Thr protein phosphatase (PP1) in the antiviral response remains elusive as PP1α and PP1γ were found to dephosphorylate MDA-5 and RIG-I leading to their activation , while they were also described to be responsible for the dephosphorylation of key C-terminal phosphoresidues of IRF3 leading to its inhibition . Most . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Clement, J. F. et al. Phosphorylation of IRF-3 on Ser generates a hyperactive form of IRF-3 through regulation of dimerization and CBP association.	1.7622876167297363	34.833656311035156	0
It . doi: bioRxiv preprint seven non-structural proteins. The non-structural protein (NS1) is a multifunctional viral protein actively secreted in vertebrate and mosquito cells during DENV infection. In mosquito cells, NS1 is secreted in a caveolin-1 (CAV-1) dependent manner by an unconventional pathway. The caveolin chaperone complex (CCC) is a cytoplasmic complex formed by caveolin-1 and the chaperones FKBP52, Cy40 and CyA which is responsible for cholesterol traffic inside the cell. In this work, we demonstrate that in infected mosquito cells, DENV NS1 is secreted by an early and unconventional route that bypasses the Golgi apparatus in close association with the CCC. Treatment of mosquito cells with classic secretion inhibitors such as brefeldin A, golgicide A and Fli-06 showed no effect on NS1 secretion, but significant reductions in recombinant luciferase secretion and virion release. Silencing the expression of CAV1, FKBP52 with siRNAs or the inhibition of CyA by cyclosporine A resulted in significant decrease in NS1 secretion without affecting virion release. Using co-localization, co-inmunoprecipitation and proximity ligation assays, NS1 was found to co-localize and interact with all the protein components of the CCC in mosquito infected cells. In addition, CAV-1 and FKBP52 expression was found augmented in DENV infected cells. Finally, the treatment of ZIKV infected mosquito cells with brefeldin A and golgicide A showed no effect on NS1 secretion, while affecting virion release. ZIKV NS1 was also found to co-localize with CAV-1 in infected mosquito cells. These results suggest that in mosquito cells, ZIKV NS1 follows the same secretory pathway observed for DENV NS1. The association of NS1 with the cholesterol transporter CCC agrees with the lipoprotein nature of secreted hexameric NS1. AUTHOR SUMMARY . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint Dengue protein NS1 is secreted in infected mosquito and vertebrate cells. In humans, secreted NS1 have been associated with pathogenesis. In mosquito cells, NS1 follows an unconventional secretion pathway that is dependent on Caveolin-1. This work shows that in mosquito cells, NS1 secretion is associated to the chaperone caveolin complex , a complex formed by caveolin-1 and several chaperones, in charge of cholesterol transport within the cells. Reduction of the expression or the activity of chaperone caveolin complex in mosquito infected cells, diminished the secretion of NS1 without affecting virion release. Direct interaction between NS1 and the chaperone caveolin complex proteins was demonstrated by several assays. Moreover, increased expression of the caveolin-1 and co-chaperone FKBP52 during dengue infection was found, presumably in response to the higher requirements of these proteins during dengue virus infection. Results obtained with ZIKV infected mosquito cells suggest that also ZIKV NS1 is released following an unconventional secretory route in association with the chaperone caveolin complex. The functions of secreted NS1 within mosquito are unclear. However, giving the importance of the soluble NS1 in the vertebrate host, manipulation of the NS1 secretory route may prove a valuable strategy for dengue mosquito control and patient treatment. infection and its public health burden are hard to estimate, but at least countries are currently endemic for dengue [2]. DENV has a single stranded RNA genome of positive polarity. The genome of DENV is translated into a single polyprotein and encodes for three structural (C, E, prM/M) and seven non-structural (NS) (NS1, NS2A, NS2B, NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5) proteins. The polyprotein is then cleaved by host and viral proteases to release individual viral proteins [3]. The viral genome replication process within the host cell is mainly driven by the NS proteins. The NS1 protein act as an scaffolding protein that anchors the replication complex to the ER membrane and interacts physically with NS4B [4]. The NS1 protein is a 352-amino-acid polypeptide with a molecular weight of 46-55 kDa, depending on its glycosylation status. The NS1 protein exists in multiple oligomeric forms and is found in different cellular locations: a cell membrane-bound form in association with virus-induced intracellular vesicular compartments, on the cell surface and as a soluble secreted hexameric lipoparticle [4]. The NS1 monomeric form rapidly dimerizes in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), then three dimeric forms of NS1 arrange to form an hexamer [5]. The hexameric form of NS1 shows an open barrel form filled with lipids and cholesterol which resemble the lipid composition of the HDL particle [6]. Recent studies have shown that the DENV NS1 protein was not only secreted from vertebrate cells, but that was also efficiently secreted from mosquito cells lines [7,8]. The secretion of NS1 in vertebrate cells follows the classical Golgi-pathway [9]. However, NS1 secretion in infected mosquito cells is associated to a caveolin-1 (CAV-1) dependent pathway and was found to be Brefeldin A (BFA)-insensitive, suggesting a traffic route that bypasses the Golgi-complex [10]. Caveolae are made up of interlocking heteropolymers of a family of small proteins (caveolins: 1-85 3) and a second family of accessory structural proteins (flotillins and three family of cavins). The caveolar architecture is connected with unstructured cavin filaments by coiled-coil domains into . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint a polygonal net-like complex. This complex is believed to provide scaffolding for compartmented cellular processes and participates in multiple cellular functions, including endocytosis, transcytosis, membrane homeostasis, inflammation, and signal transduction [11]. Caveolin (Cav-1), a 21-24-kDa scaffolding protein, is not only a key structural component of the caveolae organelle but also plays an important in the transport of free-cholesterol inside the cell [12,13]. The chaperone caveolin complex (CCC) is a cytosolic complex reported to transport cholesterol synthetized de novo from the ER to cell membranes or other compartments within the cell. CCC has been described as a complex of CAV-1, Cyclophilin A (CyA), FK506-binding protein or heat shock protein (FKBP52), and Cyclophilin or D (Cy40) [12,14]. Cyclophilin A (CyA), an kDa peptidylprolyl cis-trans isomerase, is a ubiquitous and multifunctional protein. In addition to its role as a host-cell receptor for cyclosporine A, CyA has diverse functions in inflammatory conditions and diseases [15,16]. The 52-kDa FK506-binding protein (FKBP52) an immunophilin belonging to the FKBP family, is a known co-chaperone of the heat shock protein (HSP90) and thus may play a role in the intracellular trafficking of hetero-oligomeric forms of the steroid hormone receptors [17,18]. Cyclophilin (Cy40), a member of a family of highly homologous peptidylprolyl cis-trans isomerases (PPIases), is known to play a role in mitochondrial permeability transition (MPT), being an integral constituent of the MPT pore [19]. Given the CAV-1 dependent secretion of NS1 protein in mosquito cells and the lipoprotein nature of the released hexameric form of NS1, it was found plausible to study the association of NS1 traffic to the novo cholesterol transport in DENV infected mosquito cells. In this work, data is presented indicating that in infected mosquito cells, DENV NS1 enters the unconventional secretory pathway very early after maturation in the ER and usurps the cholesterol transport between the ER and the plasma membrane, mediated by the CCC, to reach the extracellular . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint space. In addition, data is presented suggesting that a similar pathway is used for the secretion of Zika Virus NS1 protein in infected mosquito cells. RESULTS NS1 secretion is not affected by drugs that disrupt early steps of the classical secretion pathway Golgicide A (GCA) is a powerful inhibitor of the COPI vehicle transport from ER to Golgi [20]. Thus, the cytotoxicity of GCA in the mosquito cell lines (C6/36, Aag2) and the vertebrate cell line BHK-21, used for comparisons, was measured using the reduction of tetrazolium salts to examine proliferation in cells treated with serial dilutions of GCA. No significant cytotoxicity was observed under M of GCA in any of the three cell types (Fig 1A) . Fli-06 is a novel drug which inhibits the diffusion of ER synthetized proteins to the ER-exit sites [21,22]. Fli-06 cytotoxicity was determined in C6/36 and Aag2 cells also using also tetrazolium salt reduction. No significant cytotoxicity was observed under M of Fli-06 in the mosquito cells lines (Fig 1B) . Thus, concentration of M and M were used for GCA and Fli-06, respectively, since these concentrations proved non-toxic, yet effective in causing Golgi disruption (Fig 1C) . Figures 1D and 1E show that the GCA-treatment of DENV infected C6/36 and Aag2 cells did not cause any change in NS1 secretion. In contrast, NS1 secretion was reduced over 70% in infected BHK-21 cell treated either with GCA or BFA ( Fig 1F) . As expected, virion release was reduced in mosquito and vertebrate cells after GCA or BFA treatment (Fig 1G, 1H and 1I ). To further explore the traffic route of NS1 in DENV infected mosquito cells, cells were also treated with Fli-06. Treatment of infected C6/36 or Aag2 cells with non-toxic concentrations of Fli-06 shows no effect . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint in NS1 secretion, while significantly affecting virion release (Fig 1G, 1H) . Experiments with Fli-133 were not carried out in BHK-21 due to high drug toxicity. The results with GCA and Fli-06 indicate NS1 is not secreted by a classical secretory pathway and that newly synthetized DENV NS1 do not reach the ER-exit sites and leaves the ER compartment very early after synthesis. Since the release of mature virions, which are multimolecular complexes, may not be equivalent to the release of a single protein, an additional control for protein trafficking through the classical secretory pathway was included. To this aim, a vector, pAc5-mCherry-GLuc-neo, constitutively expressing Gaussia Luciferase in C6/36 cell was constructed (S1 Fig). To evaluate the effect of GCA treatment on GLuc secretion, cells were treated with GCA for h and the activity of GLuc present in the cell supernatants analyzed using a luminescence assay. A decrease in luciferase activity, in relation to the control (DMSO), was detected upon treatment of C6/36 with GCA, and in BHK-21 cells transfected with ptk-GLuc vector, run in parallel as control (Fig.1J). These results indicated that the luciferase reporter is secreted in both mosquito and vertebrate cells following a classical secretory route and reinforce the results indicating that in mosquito cells DENV NS1 is secreted by an unconventional secretory route that bypasses the Golgi (Fig 1K). NS1 secretion is dependent on the CCC The CCC is formed by the association of CAV-1 with the chaperones CyA, FKBP52, Cy40 [12,13]. The CCC is responsible for cholesterol transport inside the cell. Previous data by us [10] indicated that NS1 secretion was dependent on CAV-1. Thus, to fully evaluate the participation of the CCC in DENV NS1 secretion from mosquito cells, CyA was pharmacologically inhibited by treatment with Cyclosporin A (CsA) and the expression of the chaperones FKBP52 and Cy40 . It . doi: bioRxiv preprint knocked down using siRNAs. Previously, the non-cytotoxic concentration for CsA in mosquito and vertebrate cells were determined (Fig 2A) . DENV2 or DENV4-infected C6/36 or Aag2 cells were treated with M CsA for hours; NS1 secretion was reduced in about 30% and 40% in C6/36 and Aag2 cells, respectively (Fig 2B, 2E) . However, virion release in the treated mosquito cells was not significantly affected (Fig 2C and 2F ). In contrast, the inhibition of CyA in BHK-21 cells did not have any effect in either NS1 or virion secretion (Figs 2H and 2I). To further corroborate the participation of CyA in cholesterol and lipid traffic, the lipid droplet count in CsA treated versus untreated cells was determined. In all cases, C6/36, Aag2 and BHK-21 cells treated with CsA showed a diminished amount of lipid droplets per cell as compared with un-163 treated cells (Fig 2D, 2G and 2J). The expression of FKBP52 in C6/36 cells was knock down by siRNA transfection. Optimal gene knock down was achieved after 48h post transfection (Fig 3A) . The effect of FKPB52 reduced expression in cholesterol and lipid metabolism was evaluated measuring the lipid droplet counting per cell and a reduction of about 50% in the number of lipid droplets was observed after the treatment (Fig 3B) . In cells treated with siRNA FKBP52, a significant reduction in NS1 of about 20% secretion was observed ( Fig 3C) . Viral release was not affected by FKBP52-knock down (Fig 3D) . Given that FKBP52 is a co-chaperone of HSP90 [17,23], we wanted to discard if the observed inhibitory effect on NS1 secretion might be related to a reduction in HSP90 activity. Thus, the effect of the HSP90 inhibitor geldanamycin (GA) in NS1 release from DENV infected C6/36 cells was tested. As shown in Figure 3E , NS1 secretion was not affected after GA treatment. The expected reduction in virus yield observed in GA treated cell (Fig 3F) show that effective GA doses were used. These results indicate that the effect in NS1 secretion observed after FKBP52 silencing is not related with HSP90 activity and was rather associated with the	-0.1789945363998413	29.414825439453125	12
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint 1963-2009 were previously isolated in chicken SPF eggs and were available in the archives of Istituto Zooprofilattico Sperimentale della Lombardia e dell'Emilia-Romagna. The sequencing of samples collected before was performed on the isolates whereas the sequencing of those collected after was directly carried outon the submitted tissues. Viral RNA was extracted from isolates using the TRIzol reagent (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) according to the manufacturer's protocol. IBV was detected using RT-PCR as previously described [23]. Partial sequencing of the S1 gene (464-bp), covering the hypervariable region (HVR3), was performed using the same primers that were used for RT-PCR. The obtained chromatogram quality was evaluated by FinchTV and the consensus sequences were reconstructed using CromasPro (CromasPro Version 1.5). International database preparation To download all available IBV sequences overlapping with the region of interest (HVR3), one of the Italian sequences was used as query in BLAST and all sequences with a genetic distance lower than 30% were downloaded. Obtained sequences plus the Italian ones were merged with the reference set provided by Valastro et al., [6] and aligned using MAFFT [24]. Partial sequences (i.e. covering only part of the HVR3) and those with unknown nucleotides, frameshift mutations and premature stop codons, suggestive of poor sequence quality, were removed from the dataset. A phylogenetic tree was then reconstructed using PhyML [25] selecting as the most appropriate substitution model the one with the lowest Akaike Information Criterion (AIC) calculated using Jmodeltest [26]. The phylogenetic tree was used to classify the strains and those potentially belonging to the GI-16 lineage were extracted. The presence of recombinant strains was evaluated using RDP4 [27] on a dataset including the selected GI-16 like strains plus the reference ones. The RDP4 settings for each method were adjusted accounting for the dataset features according to the RDP manual recommendations. Only recombination events detected by more than methods with a significance value lower than −5 (p-value < −5 ) and . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint Bonferroni correction were accepted. After recombinant removal, the absence of residual breakpoints was confirmed with SBP implemented in HyPhy [28]. Only sequences with collection date and country were included in the study. Dedicated Python scripts were used to extract this information from the Genbank file or, if absent, original publications were consulted and the sequences were re-named accordingly. Finally, TempEst [29] was used to investigate the 'temporal signal' of the heterochronous sequences under investigation and the sequences whose sampling date was inconsistent with their genetic divergence and phylogenetic position were removed. Indeed, significant deviations from the expectation can be due to several factors including low sequencing quality, excessive passaging leading to the accumulation of cell-line adaptations, recombination, etc. Xia test was performed for each codon position to exclude the presence of codon saturation. Phylodynamic analysis Since there was a clear bias in the number of sequences collected in each county and in different time periods, the original dataset was split in ten randomly generated databases in order to diminish this bias impact and evaluate the robustness of achieved results over several independent runs [30]. More specifically, a maximum of sequences for each country-year pair were randomly selected and included in the study. For each dataset the time to Most Recent Common Ancestor (tMRCA), the evolutionary rates (substitutions/sites/year) and population dynamics (expressed as Effective population size (Ne)•generation time (t), also called relative genetic diversity) were jointly estimated in a Bayesian fashion using the serial coalescent approach implemented in BEAST 1.8.4 [31]. Additionally, the discrete state phylogeographic approach implemented in the same program was used to reconstruct the viral spreading pattern, assuming each collection country as a strain feature [32]. This method allows to estimate the location and time of ancestral strains, calibrated using the implemented molecular clock and population model. Above all, the Bayesian approach allows to account for all the other parameter and phylogenetic uncertainness. Additionally, the use . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint The analysis of population dynamics revealed two main patterns: while the population size remained substantially stable between tMRCA and the 60s, a more fluctuating trend was observed thereafter (Figure ). In the latter phase, two main peaks in the mean Ne•t value were consistently predicted around ~1985 and ~2005-2008. An additional minor rise was detected after 2010. Nevertheless, the variation in the population size slightly differed among runs and, more generally, the 95HPD intervals were generally broad over the whole considered period. Figure 2. GI-16 genotype population dynamics. Upper figure: Mean relative genetic diversity (Ne•t) of the worldwide GI-16 population over time. The results of the ten independent runs have been color-coded. Lower Figure: Mean, median and upper and lower 95HPD values are reported for each run. Phylogeographic analyses provided substantially constant results independently from the randomly generated database. Well supported migration rates were identified both among different continents, linking Asia with Europe, Middle East and South America, and within these regions, particularly in Asia and South America (Figure 3). Figure 3. Network reporting the well supported migration routes(BF>3). GI-16 spreading path among different countries estimated using ten independent BEAST runs (color coded). The arrows size is proportional to the BF value. The time-calibrated spreading process provided further information. Particularly, GI-16 lineage was	-13.012206077575684	-2.9352405071258545	6
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint A number of individual host cell proteins have been shown to impact coronavirus replication by using various screening methods, such as genome-wide siRNA, kinome, and yeast-two-62 hybrid screens (24-28). Likewise, genome-wide CRISPR-based screens have been applied to other positive-stranded RNA viruses, such as flaviviruses, and identified critical host proteins required for replication (29, 30). Some of these proteins were described in the context of distinct ER processes, such as N-linked glycosylation, ER-associated protein degradation (ERAD), and signal peptide insertion and processing. Although individual proteins identified by these screens may interact with viral replication complexes, they likely constitute only a small fraction of the global replicase microenvironment. To capture the full breadth of host cell proteins and cellular pathways that are spatially associated with viral RTCs, we employed a proximity-based labeling approach involving a promiscuous E. coli-derived biotin ligase (BirAR118G). BirAR118G biotinylates proximal (<10 nm) proteins in live cells without disrupting intracellular membranes or protein complexes, and hence, does not rely on high affinity protein-protein interactions, but is able to permanently tag transient interactions (31). Covalent protein biotinylation allows stringent lysis and washing conditions during affinity purification and subsequent mass spectrometric identification of captured factors. By engineering a recombinant MHV harboring BirAR118G as an integral component of the RTC we identified >500 host proteins reflecting the molecular microenvironment of MHV replication structures. siRNA-mediated silencing of each of these factors highlighted, amongst others, the functional importance of vesicular ER-Golgi apparatus trafficking pathways, ubiquitin-dependent and autophagy-related catabolic processes, and translation initiation factors. Importantly, the detection of active translation in close proximity to the viral RTC highlighted the critical involvement of translation initiation factors during coronavirus replication. Collectively, the determination of the coronavirus RTC-associated microenvironment provides a functional and spatial link between conserved host cell processes . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint and viral RNA synthesis, and highlights potential targets for the development of novel antiviral agents. Results Engineering the BirAR118-biotin ligase into the MHV replicase transcriptase complex To insert the promiscuous biotin ligase BirAR118G as an integral subunit of the MHV RTC, we used a vaccinia virus-based reverse genetic system (32, 33) to generate a recombinant MHV harboring a myc-tagged BirAR118G fused to nsp2. This strategy was recently employed by Freeman et al. for a fusion of green fluorescent protein (GFP) with nsp2 (34). MHV-BirAR118G-94 nsp2 retained the cleavage site between nsp1 and BirAR118G, while a deleted cleavage site between BirAR118G and nsp2 ensured the expression of a BirAR118G-nsp2 fusion protein (Fig. 1a) . MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2 replicated to comparable peak titers and replication kinetics as the parental wild-type MHV-A59 (Fig. 1b) . MHV-EGFP-nsp2, which was constructed in parallel and contained the coding sequence of EGFP (34) instead of BirAR118G, was used as a control and also reached wild-type virus peak titers, with slightly reduced viral titers at hours post-101 infection (h.p.i.) compared to MHV-A59 and MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2 (Fig. 1b) . To confirm the accommodation of BirAR118G within the viral RTC, MHV-A59-, MHV-103 BirAR118G-nsp2-, and mock-infected L929 fibroblasts were visualized using indirect immunofluorescence microscopy. BirAR118G-nsp2 remained strongly associated with the MHV RTC, as indicated by the co-localization of BirAR118G-nsp2 with established markers of the MHV replicase, such as nsp2/3 and nsp8 ( Fig. 1c; Supplemental Fig. S1 ). This observation corroborates previous studies demonstrating that nsp2, although not required for viral RNA synthesis, co-localizes with other nsps of the coronaviral RTC (35-37). Importantly, by . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint supplementing the culture medium with biotin, we could readily detect biotinylated proteins with fluorophore-coupled streptavidin that appeared close to the MHV RTC in MHV-111 BirAR118G-nsp2-infected cells, demonstrating efficient proximity-dependent biotinylation of RTC-proximal host factors ( Fig. 1c; Supplemental Fig. S1 ). Furthermore, to define the localization of the nsp2 fusion protein at the ultrastructural level, we replaced the BirAR118G biotin ligase with the APEX2 ascorbate peroxidase to generate recombinant MHV-APEX2-115 nsp2. APEX2 mediates the catalysis of 3,3'-diaminobenzidine (DAB) into an insoluble polymer that can be readily observed by electron microscopy (38). As shown in figure 1d , APEX2-catalized DAB polymer deposition was readily detectable at characteristic coronavirus replication compartments, such as DMVs and CM, categorically demonstrating that the nsp2 fusion proteins localize to known sites of coronavirus replication (4, 8). Importantly, our collective results establish that the recombinant MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2 replicates with comparable kinetics to wild-type MHV-A59, expresses a functional BirAR118G biotin ligase that is tightly associated with the MHV RTC, and that biotinylated, RTC-proximal proteins can be readily detected in MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2 infected cells. To further demonstrate the efficiency and specificity of BirAR118G-mediated biotinylation we assessed, by western blot analysis, fractions of biotinylated proteins derived from MHV-A59-128 , MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2-, or non-infected cells that were grown with or without the addition of biotin (Fig. 2a,b) . A characteristic pattern of endogenously biotinylated proteins was observed under all conditions where no exogenous biotin was added to the culture medium (Fig. 2b) . The same pattern was detectable in non-infected and wild-type MHV-A59-infected cells when the culture medium was supplemented with biotin, suggesting that the addition of biotin in the . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint absence of the BirAR118G biotin ligase does not recognizably change the fraction of endogenously biotinylated proteins. In contrast, we observed a greatly increased fraction of biotinylated proteins in lysates derived from MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2-infected cells treated with biotin. This result demonstrates that virus-mediated expression of the BirAR118G biotin ligase results in efficient biotinylation when biotin is added to the culture medium. Moreover, we could readily affinity purify, enrich, and recover the fraction of biotinylated proteins under stringent denaturing lysis and washing conditions by using streptavidin-coupled magnetic beads (Fig. 2b) . Affinity purified proteins derived from biotin-treated MHV-A59-and MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2-142 infected cells were subjected to mass spectrometric analysis (n=3). Liquid chromatography tandem-mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) was performed from in-gel digested samples and log-144 transformed label free quantification (LFQ) levels were used to compare protein enrichment between samples (Fig. 2c) . Overall, host proteins were identified, of which were statistically significantly enriched in MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2-infected samples over MHV-A59-147 infected samples. These host proteins represent a comprehensive repertoire of RTC-proximal factors throughout MHV infection (Fig. 2c, table S1 ). Importantly, viral replicase gene products nsp2-10 and nsp12-16, and the nucleocapsid protein were significantly enriched in fractions derived from MHV-BirAR118G-nsp2-infected cells (Fig. 2c, d) . This is in agreement with studies demonstrating co-localization and interactions amongst individual nsps, and with studies showing association of the nucleocapsid protein with the coronavirus RTC (8,[39][40][41]. It also highlights the specificity and effectiveness of the labeling approach in live cells and is the first experimental evidence showing that collectively these viral nsps and the nucleocapsid (N) protein are subunits of the coronavirus RTC. Furthermore, these results corroborate previous reports that nsp1 is likely not an integral component of the coronavirus RTC (10-12, 42). Amongst the "not detected" or "not enriched" viral proteins are (i) nsp11, which is a short . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint number of host proteins from our candidate list in MHV-infected cells. Accordingly, we identified RTC-proximal host proteins displaying a pronounced co-localization with the MHV RTC, such as the ER protein reticulon (rtn4; Fig. 2e ), and host proteins where co-localization by indirect immunofluorescence microscopy was not readily detectable, such as the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3E (eIF3E; Fig. 2e ). However, in the latter case, a more sensitive detection technique, such as a proximity ligation assay that relies on proximity-dependent antibody-coupled DNA probe amplification (43), demonstrated proximity of eIF3E and dsRNA in MHV-infected cells (Fig. 2f) . Collectively, our results show that the approach of integrating a promiscuous biotin ligase as an integral subunit into a coronavirus RTC revealed a comprehensive list of host cell proteins that comprises the RTC microenvironment. The efficacy and specificity of our approach is best illustrated by the fact that we were able to identify all expected viral components of the MHV . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0	-3.085343599319458	26.61346435546875	12
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint Flamand A. Genetic evidence for multiple functions of the matrix protein of vesicular stomatitis virus. J Gen Virol ( Pt 4):991-996. Li L, Yin Q, Kuss P, Maliga Z, Millan JL, Wu H, Mitchison TJ. Hydrolysis of 2'3'-cGAMP by ENPP1 and design of nonhydrolyzable analogs. P, Shu H-B. The Adaptor Protein MITA Links Virus-Sensing Receptors to IRF3 Transcription Factor Activation. Immunity 29:538-550. Castanier C, Garcin D, Vazquez A, Arnoult D. 2010. Mitochondrial dynamics regulate the RIG-I-like receptor antiviral pathway. EMBO Rep 11:133-138. Horner SM, Liu HM, Park HS, Briley J, Gale M. 2011. Mitochondrial-associated endoplasmic reticulum membranes (MAM) form innate immune synapses and are targeted by hepatitis C virus. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 108:14590-14595. Schoggins JW, MacDuff DA, Imanaka N, Gainey MD, Shrestha B, Eitson JL, Mar KB, Richardson RB, Ratushny AV, Litvak V, Dabelic R, Manicassamy B, Aitchison JD, Aderem A, Elliott RM, Garcia-Sastre A, Racaniello V, Snijder EJ, Yokoyama WM, Diamond MS, Virgin HW, Rice CM. Pan-viral specificity of IFN-induced genes reveals new roles for cGAS in innate immunity. Nature 505:691-695. Liu Y, Liu Y, Wu J, Roizman B, Zhou GG. Innate responses to gene knockouts impact overlapping gene networks and vary with respect to resistance to viral infection. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 115:E3230. Schoggins JW, Wilson SJ, Panis M, Murphy MY, Jones CT, Bieniasz P, Rice CM. A diverse range of gene products are effectors of the type I interferon antiviral response. Nature 472:481-485.	-16.42078971862793	28.487817764282227	0
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint The European honey bee, Apis mellifera, is an important pollinator species for natural ecosystems and agricultural production [1]. Its health status is threatened by numerous factors including habitat loss, pesticide exposure, and high parasite and pathogen loads [2-45 4]. Accumulating evidence suggests that the gut microbiota of adult honey bees plays a critical role for bee health [5]. The bee microbiota converts dietary compounds [6, 7] and produces short chain fatty acids [8] in the gut, enhances sucrose responsiveness of the host [8], and stimulates the immune system [9, 10]. Moreover, disruption of the gut microbiota composition by antibiotic treatment, pesticide exposure, or dietary manipulations has been associated with increased pathogen loads resulting in increased host mortality [11-51 14]. A striking feature of the honey bee gut microbiota is its low taxonomic complexity. In worker bees, the community is dominated by less than ten phylotypes (i.e. clusters of strains sharing ≥97% sequence identity in the 16S rRNA gene), which typically make up >95% of the bacterial cells in the gut [5, 15-18]. These phylotypes have been consistently detected in honey bees, regardless of geographic location, life stage, or season [16, 19, 20], and are acquired horizontally through contact with nest mates and hive components [21]. They include five core phylotypes (Gilliamella, Snodgrassella, Lactobacillus Firm-4 and Firm-5, and Bifidobacterium), which are typically present in every adult worker bee, and a number of non-core phylotypes, e.g. Frischella, Bartonella, Commensalibacter, or Bombella, which are prevalent across colonies, but not necessarily present in every bee [22]. Additional phylotypes have been detected, including Lactobacillus kunkeii, Serratia Page of marcescens and other Enterobacteriaceae, or Apibacter, but they typically account for a relatively small proportion of the bee gut microbiota [23]. While many of these phylotypes are consistently present in adult worker bees, their abundance can vary across bees, and may differentially impact the host physiology. Particularly, the type and amount of nutrients (i.e. pollen and nectar) available during the foraging season can have profound effects on the composition of the gut microbiota and may alter its metabolic activity [24]. Likewise, distinct dietary habits or variation in lifespan of worker bees during summer and winter may influence gut microbiota composition. From spring to autumn, young worker bees (nurses) stay inside the hive to take care of larvae, and feed on nutrient-rich pollen, whereas older worker bees become foragers that feed on nectar and honey to fuel their energy-expensive flights [25]. In late autumn, newly emerged adult worker bees become winter bees (also called 'diutinus') that have an extended lifespan (~6 months) and that ensure the colony survival during the cold winter season in the absence of brood [26]. These bees form a tight cluster for thermoregulation inside the hive, feed strictly on food stores (pollen, beebread, and honey) and retain their feces all winter [27], which is likely to impact the ecology of their gut microbiota. A number of studies have looked at the gut microbiota composition of different worker bee types or throughout seasons, with the overall conclusion that the community composition is relatively stable [19, 28-31]. However, previous studies were mostly based on comparative analyses of relative community member abundance using 16S rRNA amplicon sequencing. Such analysis cannot provide insights about the extent or directionality of changes in taxa abundance, especially if microbial loads vary substantially between samples [32]. In fact, a change in the total abundance of the microbiota could by itself be . the single bee hive, each gut sample was placed in a drop of PBS, scored for the scab phenotype [35], and placed in a bead beating tube containing ~150 mg of glass beads (0.75-133	-19.493118286132812	8.414371490478516	11
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint average rainfall over the past months could cause a 0.62% (95% CI: [0.20%, 1.05%]) rise in R. There is significant spatial heterogeneity in the LF epidemics in different Nigerian regions. We report clear evidence of rainfall impacts on LF outbreaks in Nigeria and quantify the impact.	-23.53160858154297	-31.412893295288086	2
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint been associated with extra-intestinal infections including fatal meningitis and encephalitis . Despite their undoubted importance, astroviruses still represent one of the least studied groups of human positive-sense RNA viruses. The genome contains three main open reading frames: ORF1a encoding a nonstructural polyprotein (nsP1a), ORF1b encoding the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp), and ORF2 encoding the capsid protein (CP) (Fig. 1A) . ORF1a and ORF1b are translated from the genomic RNA (gRNA), with expression of ORF1b depending on programmed ribosomal frameshifting whereby a proportion of ribosomes translating ORF1a make a −1 nucleotide shift into ORF1b. Frameshifting occurs at a conserved A_AAA_AAC sequence within the ORF1a/ORF1b overlap region and depends on a 3′-adjacent stimulatory RNA stem-loop structure . ORF2 is translated from a subgenomic RNA (sgRNA) that is produced during virus infection. Previously, using comparative genomics we identified a conserved fourth ORF (ORFX) in genogroup I astroviruses, which appears to be subject to purifying selection and therefore is likely to encode a functional protein product, termed the X protein (XP, kDa, aa) . ORFX overlaps the 5′ region of the capsid-encoding ORF2 and is predicted to be translatable via ribosomal leaky scanning, which is expected to be enhanced by the very short leader on the sgRNA 3,6,7 . However, despite the comparative genomic predictions, the existence, relevance, and function of XP have never been demonstrated. Here we perform a functional molecular dissection of ORFX, providing insight into the simultaneous orchestration of several overlapping functional elements in a small human-pathogenic RNA virus. We show that ORFX is translated during virus infection, XP knockout mutant viruses are highly attenuated, and XP is a transmembrane (TM) protein that promotes efficient virus release via a viroporin-like activity. Through an extended bioinformatic analysis, we predict that related XP proteins are widely encoded in other mammalian astroviruses including the divergent "MLB" group of human-infecting astroviruses. Comparative genomic analysis reveals a potential ORFX in genogroup I, III and IV astroviruses. Since there are many more astrovirus sequences available now than in 2010, we began by repeating our previous comparative genomic analysis but this time also extending to other astrovirus genogroups. All mammalian astrovirus complete or nearly complete genome sequences were obtained from the	-1.778491497039795	19.13307762145996	8
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint concentration of μg/mL. Additionally, the IC of the P. alata (ELPA) leaf extracts was determined against both tumor (HCT-116, SF-295, OVACAR-8, and HL-60), and non-tumor cells (PBMC). The ELPA flavonoids were identified by HPLC-DAD and UHPLC-MS/MS. The morphological analyses used light and fluorescence microscopy, and cell cycle and DNA fragmentation analyses used flow cytometry to determine the mechanism of cell death induced by ELPA in HL-60. Among the Passiflora leaf extracts evaluated; ELPA stood out with high cytotoxic activity, followed by P. capsularis and P. quadrangulares with varying high and low cytotoxic activity. ELPA presented high cytotoxic potency in HL-60 (IC 19.37 μg/mL), yet without cytotoxic activity against PBMC, suggesting selectivity for tumor cells. The cytotoxic activity of ELPA may well be linked to the presence of ten identified flavonoids. Cells treated with ELPA presented the hallmarks typical of apoptosis and necrosis, with cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase. Conclusion: From among the studied species, ELPA presented greater cytotoxic activity, possibly a consequence of synergistic flavonoid action which induces cell death by apoptosis and necrosis.	14.695611000061035	35.270751953125	11
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint execution of complex distributed computational workflows. The workflow is composed of five blocks: 1. Quality Control and Trimming, 2. Retrieval of DENV sequences, 3. Assembly, 4. in silico Typing, and 5. Phylogeny, described in more detail in Figure . DEN-IM accepts as input raw paired-end sequencing data (FASTQ files), and informs the user with an interactive HTML report with information on the quality control, mapping, assembly typing and phylogenetic analysis, as well as all the output files of the whole pipeline. 3.1 1. Quality Control and Trimming The Quality Control (QC) and Trimming block starts with a process to verify the integrity of the input data. If the sequencing files are corrupted, the execution of the analysis of that sample is terminated. The sequences are then processed by FastQC projects/fastqc/, version 0.11.7) to determine the quality of the individual base pairs of the raw data files. The low quality bases and adapter sequences are trimmed by Trimmomatic [10] (version 0.36). By default, Trimmomatic removes the Illumina Nextera, TruSeq2 and TruSeq3 adapter sequences that are detected, and relies on Phred scores [11] and FastQC analysis data to determine to which extend the 5' and 3' ends of the reads need to be trimmed. The crop and headcrop setting is calculated per sample, based on the GC ratio of each half of the read. By default, the window size is set to nucleotides with a minimum average quality of 20. In addition, paired-end reads with a read length shorter than nucleotides after trimming are removed from further analyses. Lastly, the low complexity sequences, containing over 50% of poly-A, poly-N or poly-T nucleotides, are filtered out of the raw data using PrinSeq [12] (version 0.10.4). 3.2 2. Retrieval of DENV Sequences In the second step, DENV sequences are selected from the sample using Bowtie2 [13] (version 2.2.9) and Samtools [14] (version 1.4.1). As a reference we provide the DENV mapping database, a curated DENV database composed of complete DENV genomes (see Methods, DENV Reference Database). A permissive approach is followed by allowing for mates to be kept in the sample even when only one read maps to the database in order to keep as many DENV derived reads as possible. The output of this step is a set of processed reads of putative DENV origin. 3.3 3. Assembly DEN-IM applies a two assembler approach to generate assemblies of the DENV CDS. To obtain a high confidence assembly, the processed reads are first de novo assembled with SPAdes [15] (version 3.12.0). If the full CDS fails to be assembled into a single contig, the data is re-assembled with MEGAHIT assembler [16] (version 1.1.3), a more permissive assembler developed to retrieve longer sequences from metagenomics data. The resulting assemblies are corrected with Pilon [17] (version 1.22) after mapping the processed reads to the assemblies with Bowtie2 [13]. If more than one complete CDS is present in a sample, each of the sequences will follow the rest of the DEN-IM workflow independently. If no full CDS is assembled neither with SPAdes nor with MEGAHIT, the processed reads are passed on to the next step for consensus generation by mapping, effectively constituting DEN-IM's two pronged approach using both assemblers and mapping. 3.4 4. Typing For each DENV complete CDS, the serotype and genotype is determined with the Seq Typing tool version 2.0) [18] using BLAST [19] and the custom Typing database of DENV containing complete sequences (see Methods, DENV Reference Database). The BLAST results are first cleaned to get the best hit for each sequence in the database, based on alignment length, similarity, e-value and number of gaps. The tool determines which reference sequence is more closely related to the query based on the identity and length of the sequence covered, returning the serotype and genotype of the reference sequence for the purpose of classifying the query. If a complete CDS fails to be obtained through the assembly process, the processed reads are mapped against the DENV typing database, with Bowtie2 [13], using Seq Typing tool, with similar criteria for coverage and identity to those used with the BLAST approach. If a type is determined, the consensus sequence obtained follows through to the next step in the workflow. Otherwise, the sample is classified as Non-Typable and its process terminated. 3.5 5. Phylogeny All DENV complete CDSs and consensus sequences analysed in a workflow execution are aligned with MAFFT [20] (version 7.402), in auto mode and with orientation being automatically determined and adjusted. With the resulting alignment, a Maximum Likelihood tree is inferred with RaXML [21] (version 8.2.11), using as default the GTR-Γ substitution model and a times bootstrap. Optionally, the closest reference sequence in the DENV typing database to each analysed sample can be retrieved and included in the phylogenetic analysis. Workflow Execution The DEN-IM workflow can be executed in any UNIX-based system, from local machines to high-109 performance computing clusters (HPC) facilities with Nextflow and a container engine installation, such as Docker Shifter [22] or Singularity [23]. Due to its Nextflow implementation, DEN-IM allows for out-of-the-box high-level parallelization and offers direct support for distributed computational environments. DEN-IM integrates Docker containerised images for all the tools necessary for its execution, ensuring reproducibility and the tracking of both software code and version, regardless of the operating system used. The Docker images provided are also compatible with other container engines. Users can customise the workflow execution either by using command line options or by modifying a simple plain-text configuration file (params.config). The version of each of the tools used in DEN-IM can be changed by providing new container tags in the appropriate configuration file (containers.config). The resources for each process can also be changed (resources.config). To make the execution of the workflow as simple as possible, a set of default parameters and directives is provided. The local installation of the DEN-IM workflow, including the docker containers with all the tools needed and the curated DENV database, requires Gigabytes of free disk space. The minimum requirements to execute the workflow are at least Gigabytes of memory and CPUs, although Gigabytes of memory is advised. The disk space required for execution depends greatly on the size of the input data, but for the datasets used in this article DEN-IM generates approximately Gb data per Gb of input data. Output and Report The output files of all tools are stored in the 'results' folder in the directory of the DEN-IM execution. The execution log file for each component, as well as a log file for the execution of the workflow, are also available. DEN-IM creates an interactive HTML report (Figure S1), stored in the 'pipeline results' directory, containing all the information in the results divided into four sections: report overview, tables, charts and phylogenetic tree. The report can be easily exchanged between collaborators by compressing and sharing the "pipeline report" folder. The report overview contains information about the number of samples in the analysis. It allows for selection, filtering and highlighting of particular samples and tools in the workflow. The table section contains the results and statistics the quality control, assembly, read mapping and in silico typing results. The in silico typing table contains the results of the serotype and genotype of each CDS analysed, as well as identity and coverage and GenBank ID for the closest reference in the DENV typing database. doi: bioRxiv preprint was generated. For the assembled CDSs, all but one were assembled with MEGAHIT after not producing a full CDS with SPAdes. Moreover, pronounced variation on the size of the assembled . CC-BY 4.0 doi: bioRxiv preprint As a positive control sample, the supernatant of a viral culture containing DENV-2 strain was used. The negative control sample consisted of DNA-and RNA-free water (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). A spiked sample was produced consisting of a mixture of four µl of cDNA isolated from clinical samples including all DENV serotypes (DENV-1 to -4). The viral cDNA for these samples was not in equal concentration and the viral copy number in the clinical samples was assessed by RT-PCR [35]. The results were as follow: DENV-2 with copies/µl, DENV-1 with copies/µl, DENV-3 with copies/µl and DENV-4 with copies/µl. The cDNA libraries were generated using either the NEBNext R RNA First and Second strand modules and the Nextera XT DNA library preparation kit (NXT), or the TruSeq RNA V2 library preparation kit (TS). The libraries were sequenced in MiSeq and NextSeq instruments using 300-cycles . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint v2 paired-end cartridges. The DEN-IM workflow was executed with the raw sequencing data using the default parameters and resources in an HPC cluster with Cores/600 Threads of Processing Power and TB RAM divided through computational nodes, with GB Ram and with 126GB RAM. 9.4 Targeted Metagenomics Sequencing Data The accession numbers for the DENV-3 amplicon sequencing paired-end short-read datasets are available under BioProject PRJNA394021. The list of Run Accession IDs were obtained with NCBI's RunSelector and the raw data was downloaded with the GetSeqENA tool //github.com/B-UMMI/getSeqENA). The DEN-IM workflow was executed with the raw sequencing data with default parameters and resources in the same HPC cluster as the shotgun metagenomics dataset. Availability of source code and requirements Lists the following: • Project name: DEN-IM • Project home page: • Operating system(s): UNIX-like systems. • Programming language: Nextflow, Python, Bash • Other requirements: Java version or highest. Docker/Singularity/Shifter • License: GNU GPL v3 • Documentation and tutorials: Availability of supporting data and materials The DENV-3 targeted metagenomics sequencing paired-end short-read datasets are available under BioProject PRJNA394021. The shotgun metagenomics dataset is available under Bioproject PRJNA474413 The accession number for all the samples in the shotgun metagenomics dataset are available in the supplemental material (Table S3) . Declarations 12.1 List of abbreviations Control 12.2 Ethical Approval (optional) This study followed international standards for the ethical conduct of research involving human subjects. Data and sample collection was carried out within the DENVEN and IDAMS (International Research Consortium on Dengue Risk Assessment, Management and Surveillance) projects. The study was approved by the Ethics Review Committee of the Biomedical Research Institute, Carabobo University (Aval Bioetico #CBIIB(UC)-014 and CBIIB-(UC)-2013-1), Maracay, Venezuela; the	-12.256909370422363	-2.792462110519409	6
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint how a virus's position in sequence space defines its mutant spectrum, evolutionary trajectory, and pathogenesis. In this study, we evaluated how synonymous recoding of the human immunodeficiency virus type (HIV-1) protease impacts the development of protease inhibitor (PI) resistance. HIV-1 protease is a main target of current antiretroviral therapies. Our present results demonstrate that the wild-type (WT) virus and the virus with the recoded protease exhibited different patterns of resistance mutations after PI treatment. Nevertheless, the developed PI resistance phenotype was indistinguishable between the recoded virus and the WT virus, suggesting that the synonymously recoded protease HIV-1 and the WT protease virus were equally robust and evolvable.	-5.564863681793213	17.26569366455078	12
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint knockout mice show enhanced morbidity after infection with IAV, alphaviruses and flaviviruses [33-110 .	-24.09658432006836	-30.552316665649414	6
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint replication. Pretreatment with SB202190, a p38 signaling inhibitor, abolished the induction of autophagy. Furthermore, downregulation of type I interferon revealed that DON contributed PEDV to escape innate immune. Mechanistically, DON-caused innate immune escape was related to the upregulation of LC3B, which further inhibited STING phosphorylation. Taken together, DON could promote PEDV infection by inducing occludin internalization and innate immune escape via triggering p38-49 mediated autophagy. Author summary Porcine epidemic diarrhea (PED), a devastating enteric disease, leads to catastrophic economic loss to the global pig industry. Its primary pathogen is the coronavirus PED virus (PEDV). Growing evidence indicates that pathogen infection is not the only factor of PED outbreaks, other non-infectious factors is also related to this disease. We guessed some ubiquitous substances, such as deoxynivalenol (DON), that lead to pig intestinal epithelial cell stress might encourage the progress and spread of PED. In the present study, the weaning piglets infected naturally with PEDV and the IPEC-J2 cell line were selected as models to explore the effects of DON on PEDV infection, morbidity and gut barrier. Our results showed that DON exposure can promote PEDV infection in vitro and in vivo, and the underlying mechanism might be related to LC3B-63 mediated autophagy. Our findings reveal new pathways for developing potential novel . CC-BY 4.0	4.9857025146484375	33.961856842041016	0
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint sensory neurons and establishes latency . Latent HSV-1 is occasionally reactivated causing peripheral pathology and under certain circumstances it can migrate into the central nervous system causing herpes simplex encephalitis; the most common cause of sporadic fatal viral encephalitis . In the context of the current work we focused on the presumptive role of HSV-1 in the pathology of AD. A number of risk factors have been associated with AD, including the E4 allele of the apolipoprotein E (Apo-E), diabetes, vascular pathology, neuroinflammation and infections . Several recent studies have supported the theory of a significant role of HSV-1 in the disease . HSV-1 DNA was found to be localized within amyloid plaques in AD patients and HSV-1 infection has been shown to promote neurotoxic Aβ accumulation in human neural cells and to the formation of Aβ deposits in the brains of infected mice 22,23 . Moreover, the presence of anti-HSV IgM antibodies, which indicate HSV reactivation, is correlated with a high risk of AD and antiherpetic treatment is correlated with a reduced risk of developing dementia 24,25 . Despite these correlations, the mechanism by which viruses induce amyloid aggregation, the major pathological hallmark of AD, is not known. In the present study, we demonstrated that upon encountering different biological fluids, RSV accumulated extensive and distinct protein coronae compared to HSV-1 and synthetic liposomes. The various coronae were dependent on the biological fluid and exerted markedly different effects on RSV infectivity and capacity to activate monocyte-derived dendritic cells (moDCs). Moreover, upon interaction with an amyloidogenic peptide derived from IAPP, RSV accelerated the process of amyloid aggregation via surface-assisted heterogenous nucleation. This amyloid catalysis was also demonstrated for HSV-1 and the Aβ42 peptide in-vitro and in an AD animal model. Our findings highlight the importance of viral protein corona interactions for viral pathogenesis and provide a direct mechanistic link between viral and amyloid pathologies. Results Based on the extensive literature describing the significant role of corona factors in synthetic nanoparticle functionality, we used established techniques to answer questions regarding RSV pathogenicity . Using proteomics, we assessed the RSV protein corona profiles in adult human plasma (HP), juvenile (6 months old infants tested RSV negative at the time of sample collection) human plasma (jHP), human bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) from healthy adults, rhesus macaque plasma (MP), and fetal bovine serum (FBS). These biological fluids represent different microenvironments encountered by the virus in terms of tissue tropism (HP vs. BALF), zoonosis (MP) and culturing conditions (FBS). The biological fluids were screened for antibodies against RSV using ELISA, and both adult HP and BALF contained high levels of anti-RSV IgG antibodies, unlike jHP, MP and FBS (Supplementary Fig. Viral stocks were produced in serum-free conditions to prevent initial contamination with FBS proteins. Virions produced under serum-free conditions were incubated with 10% v/v solutions of different biological fluids. Controls included non-infected cell medium representing the background cellular secretome, and synthetic lipid vesicles of a size comparable to RSV (200 nm) with positively or negatively charged surfaces. In addition, we compared the coronae of RSV to HSV-1 to probe for differences between different viruses of relatively similar size. After incubation for h at ˚C, the virions were re-harvested by centrifugation and washed twice before performing mass spectrometry-based proteomic analyses. Six replicates from two independent experiments. Statistics were calculated using GraphPad Prism software. The detection of specific anti-RSV IgG antibodies in biological fluids was performed using Human Anti-Respiratory syncytial virus IgG ELISA Kit (ab108765, abcam®, Sweden), according to manufacturer's protocol. All biological fluids (FBS, HP, MP, BALF) were diluted to a protein concentration of 0.3 mg/ml before performing the assay and results were compared to the positive, cutoff, and negative controls provided by the kit manufacturer. HEp-2 cells were seeded in maintenance medium until they reached 50-60% confluency. On the day of infection, the cells were washed twice with warm PBS and medium was changed to VP-SFM with gentamycin. Before adding to the cells, sucrose cushion-concentrated RSV stocks were pre-incubated with different biological fluids (FBS, HP, MP, BALF) at a final protein concentration of 0.3 mg/ml in VP-SFM with mM sodium citrate for h at ˚C. The corona-precoated viruses were then added to the cells in serum-free conditions (diluted 10x) at a MOI of 1. 24h post-infection, the medium was changed back to growth medium and cells were visualized with fluorescence microscopy 72h post-infection. After visualization, the cells were washed and stained with LIVE/DEAD™ Fixable Far Red Dead Cell Stain Kit (ThermoFisher, USA) for min at ˚C in Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline (DPBS no calcium, no magnesium, ThermoFisher), then fixed and washed for flow cytometry using Cytofix/Cytoperm™ (BD, USA) according to manufacturer's protocol. Cells were then scraped and resuspended in DPBS, and the data was acquired using MACSQuant® Analyser flowcytometer (Miltenyi Biotec, Sweden). The data was analyzed by FlowJo software (TreeStar) by excluding the dead cells stained with far-red fluorescent dye and subsequent calculation of GFP positive cells within the viable cell population. For experiments with palivizumab, cells were treated with different concentrations of the antibody before infection. Human monocytes were negatively selected from buffy coats using the RosetteSep Monocyte Enrichment Kit (1mL/10mL buffy coat; StemCell Technologies) and differentiated into moDC, using GM-CSF (250ng/mL; PeproTech) and IL-4 (6.5ng/mL; R&D Systems) for days in 37°C, 5% CO2 at a density of 5x10 cells/mL in RPMI completed with 10% FCS, 1mM sodium pyruvate, 10mM HEPES, 2mM L-glutamine, and 1% and penicillin/streptomycin (ThermoFisher, USA). Immature moDC were exposed to RSV pre-incubated with different biological fluids for 4h in serum free media, washed and then incubated in serum containing medium for h before analyses of CD86 and RSV-GFP expression. Dead cells were excluded using Live/Dead fixable near-IR dead cell stain kit (ThermoFisher). Flow cytometry sample data were acquired on a Fortessa (BD Biosciences) and the analysis was performed in FlowJo software (TreeStar). NNFGAIL, GNNQQNY, Aβ42, Aβ40 were synthesized and purified by Pepscan (The Netherlands) and the final molecular weight was verified by MS. µl of dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) (ThermoFisher, USA) were added to .	-9.93342113494873	29.03754425048828	11
It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint studies (7). However, vaccine strategy evaluation is currently precluded by gaps in the understanding of the epidemiology of MERS-CoV in dromedaries. The dromedary population is highly heterogeneous and spans a wide geographic area stretching from West Africa through to the Middle East and parts of Asia. Knowing when and where dromedaries would need to be targeted, and the likely impact of vaccination, is necessary before further consideration of dromedary vaccination in the wider socioeconomic and cultural context. Here, we systematically reviewed published studies that measured MERS-CoV antibody seroprevalence in dromedaries and/or prevalence of viral RNA in dromedaries. Assuming assay specificity and long-term presence of antibodies after infection, seroprevalence can be used to estimate what proportion of a dromedary population has ever been infected with MERS-CoV. Broken down by age class, this can tell us when most animals encounter the infection for the first time. Additionally, although whole-virus isolation and culture is necessary to confirm whether the shedding . It is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint When available, we took the results of neutralisation-based testing over methods that determined seropositivity based on antibody screening tests alone. Neutralising antibody tests are more specific and are the WHO (World Health Organisation) recommended method for confirming MERS-CoV seropositivity (9).	-22.92484474182129	-29.44512939453125	2
Key Points of Clinical and CT Imaging Features of Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Imported Pneumonia Based On Cases Analysis. novel Coronavirus (2019-nCov) had typical clinical manifestations (fever and cough) ,and presented with characteristic chest CT imaging features (multiple lesions in both lungs, often accompanied by GGO, vascular enlargement and cobblestone/reticular pattern), which are helpful to the radiologist in the early detection and diagnosis of this emerging global health emergency. In addition, changes in these main CT features can indicate development of the disease. Highlights: 1.Fever (85.7%) and cough (80.9%) were the two main symptoms of NCP patients.The incidence of shortness of breath was 85.7% in the severe cases, significantly higher than 21.4% in the mild cases. Multiple lesions in both lungs and with incidence of GGO (100%), vascular enlargement (76.5%) and cobblestone/reticular pattern (70.6%) were the major features of NCP patients. 85.7% of cases in serve group displayed 4-5 lobes were involved simultaneously. 3.Changes in these main CT imaging features can indicate development of the disease. About 19.1% of patients (4 of 21) presented with a normal CT. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	18.283231735229492	-17.475107192993164	7
Kidney impairment is associated with in-hospital death of COVID- patients. Background: Information on kidney impairment in patients with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is limited. This study aims to assess the prevalence and impact of abnormal urine analysis and kidney dysfunction in hospitalized COVID-19 patients in Wuhan. We conducted a consecutive cohort study of COVID-19 patients admitted in a tertiary teaching hospital with branches following a major outbreak in Wuhan in 2020. Hematuria, proteinuria, serum creatinine concentration and other clinical parameters were extracted from the electronic hospitalization databases and laboratory databases. Incidence rate for acute kidney injury (AKI) was examined during the study period. Association between kidney impairment and in-hospital death was analyzed. We included consecutive COVID-19 patients, (12.3%) of whom died in hospital. The median age of the patients was years (inter quartile range, 51-71), including men and women. On admission, 44% of patients have proteinuria hematuria and 26.9% have hematuria, and the prevalence of elevated serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen were 15.5% and 14.1% respectively. During the study period, AKI occurred in 3.2% patients. Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated that patients with kidney impairment have higher risk for in-hospital death. Cox proportional hazard regression confirmed that elevated serum creatinine, elevated urea nitrogen, AKI, proteinuria and hematuria was an independent risk factor for in-hospital death after adjusting for age, sex, disease severity, leukocyte count and lymphocyte count. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is . /2020 Conclusions: The prevalence of kidney impairment (hematuria, proteinuria and kidney dysfunction) in hospitalized COVID-19 patients was high. After adjustment for confounders, kidney impairment indicators were associated with higher risk of inhospital death. Clinicians should increase their awareness of kidney impairment in hospitalized COVID-19 patients.	15.112517356872559	-21.215818405151367	7
Kin and group selection are both flawed but useful data analysis tools. For understanding the evolution of social behavior in microbes, mathematical theory can aid empirical research but is often only used as a qualitative heuristic. How to properly formulate social evolution theory has also been contentious. Here we evaluate kin and multilevel selection theory as tools for analyzing microbial data. We reanalyze published datasets that share a common exper-5 imental design and evaluate these theories in terms of data visualization, statistical performance, biological interpretation, and quantitative comparison across systems. We find that the canonical formulations of both kin and multilevel selection are almost always poor analytical tools because they use statistical regressions that are poorly specified for the strong selection and nonadditive fitness effects common in microbial systems. Analyzing both individual and group fitness outcomes helps clarify the biology of selection. We also identify analytical practices in empirical research that suggest how theory might better handle the challenges of microbial data. A quantitative, data-driven approach thus shows how kin and multilevel selection theory both have substantial room for improvement as tools for understanding social evolution in all branches of life.	-18.691646575927734	-11.8027925491333	5
Kinetic Analysis of Bacteriophage Sf6 Binding to Outer Membrane Protein A Using Whole Virions. For successful infection, viruses must recognize their respective host cells. A common mechanism of host recognition by viruses is to utilize a portion of the host cell as a receptor. Bacteriophage Sf6, which infects Shigella flexneri, uses lipopolysaccharide as a primary receptor and then requires interaction with a secondary receptor, a role that can be fulfilled by either outer membrane proteins (Omp) A or C. Our previous work showed that specific residues in the loops of OmpA mediate Sf6 infection. To better understand Sf6 interactions with OmpA loop variants, we determined the kinetics of these interactions through the use of biolayer interferometry, an optical biosensing technique that yields data similar to surface plasmon resonance. Here, we successfully tethered whole Sf6 virions, determined the binding constant of Sf6 to OmpA to be nM. Additionally, we showed that Sf6 bound to five variant OmpAs and the resulting kinetic parameters varied only slightly. Based on these data, we propose a model in which Sf6: Omp receptor recognition is not solely based on kinetics, but likely also on the ability of an Omp to induce a conformational change that results in productive infection.	3.8156630992889404	25.681779861450195	12
Knowledge and attitudes of Ebola among the general public of Trinidad and Tobago during the 2014-15 West Africa outbreak. Objective: Health system resilience and resilience of a country include the capacity of health personnel, institutions, and populations to prepare for and effectively respond to crises. This study investigates the knowledge and attitudes of the public concerning Ebola Virus Disease in Trinidad and Tobago. Design and Methods: A cross sectional study whereby respondents (n = 920) were sampled from public places. Data were collected via interviewer administered questionnaires. Data were analysed using SPSS version 23. Results: The response rate was 67.6 % (622/920). The main age category of responders was the to year age category (40.5%); responders were mostly female (58.0 %). Regarding knowledge, there were significant differences among occupational categories (F = 2.811, df1 = 6, df2 = 571, p-value = 0.011). Tukey's HSD post hoc test revealed that the mean knowledge scores for professional and sales occupations differed significantly (p-value = 0.003). There was a significant association between being afraid to go for treatment and age (p-value = 0.001). Significant associations were also found between occupational grouping and education attainment with opinion about the preparedness of private medical facilities, likelihood to shun family members with Ebola, being afraid to go for treatment and preference for traditional medicine (p-value <0.05). This study highlights opportunities for community engagement to enhance health system resilience during outbreaks which would maximise national and global health security.	-15.89293098449707	-39.528907775878906	2
Knowledge of, attitudes toward, and preventive practices relating to cholera and oral cholera vaccine among urban high-risk groups: findings of a cross-sectional study in Dhaka, Bangladesh. In endemic countries such as Bangladesh, consequences of cholera place an enormous financial and social burden on patients and their families. Cholera vaccines not only provide health benefits to susceptible populations but also have effects on the earning capabilities and financial stability of the family. Community-based research and evaluations are necessary to understand perceptions about and practices of the community relating to cholera and oral cholera vaccines. This may help identify the ways in which such vaccines may be successfully introduced, and other preventive measures can be implemented. The present study assessed the knowledge of, attitudes toward, and preventive practices relating to cholera and oral cholera vaccine among an urban population residing in a high cholera-prone setting in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in an area of high cholera prevalence in randomly-selected clusters in Mirpur, Dhaka city. A study team collected data through a survey and in-depth interviews during Results: Of 2,830 families included in the final analysis, 23% could recognize cholera as acute watery diarrhea and 16% had ever heard of oral cholera vaccine. About 54% of the respondents had poor knowledge about cholerarelated issues while 97% had a positive attitude toward cholera and oral cholera vaccine. One-third showed poor practice relating to the prevention of cholera. The findings showed a significant (p < 0.05) association between the respondents' knowledge and sex, education, occupation, monthly overall household expenditure, attitudes and practice. In the adjusted model, male sex, having a lower monthly overall household expenditure, and having a less positive attitude toward cholera were the significant predictors to having poor knowledge. Conclusions: The findings suggest the strengthening of health education activities to improve knowledge on cholera, its prevention and treatment and information on cholera vaccination among high-risk populations. The data also underscore the potential of mass cholera vaccination to prevent and control cholera.	-17.328601837158203	-39.413726806640625	2
Large-scale analysis of redox-sensitive conditionally disordered protein regions reveal their widespread nature and key roles in high-level eukaryotic processes. Recently developed quantitative redox proteomic studies enable the direct identification of redox-sensing cysteine residues that regulate the functional behavior of target proteins in response to changing levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS). At the molecular level, redox regulation can directly modify the active sites of enzymes, although a growing number of examples indicate the importance of an additional underlying mechanism that involves conditionally disordered proteins. These proteins alter their functional behavior by undergoing a disorder-to-order transition in response to changing redox conditions. However, the extent to which this mechanism is used in various proteomes is currently unknown. Here, we use a recently developed sequence-based prediction tool incorporated into the IUPred2A web server to estimate redox-sensitive conditionally disordered regions on a large scale. We show that redox-sensitive conditional disorder is fairly widespread in various proteomes and that its presence strongly correlates with the expansion of specific domains in multicellular organisms that largely rely on extra stability provided by disulfide bonds or zinc ion binding. The analyses of yeast redox proteomes and human disease data further underlie the significance of this phenomenon in the regulation of a wide range of biological processes, as well as its biomedical importance.	-11.461996078491211	21.68406105041504	8
Larger viral genome size facilitates emergence of zoonotic diseases. The likelihood of cross-species transmission is related to phenotypic plasticity of a virus and its capacity to produce genetically variable progeny. Herein a model is described connecting the production of genetic variability with increasing genome size. Comparing all known zoonotic viral genome sizes to known non-zoonotic viral genome sizes demonstrates that zoonotic viruses have significantly larger genomes. These results support the notion that large viral genomes are important in producing new zoonotic disease, and suggest that genome size may be a useful surrogate in screening for potential zoonotic viruses.	-1.54833984375	7.27070951461792	10
Lessons drawn from China and South Korea for managing COVID-19 epidemic: insights from a comparative modeling study. We conducted a comparative study of COVID-19 epidemic in three different settings: mainland China, the Guangdong province of China and South Korea, by formulating two disease transmission dynamics models incorporating epidemic characteristics and setting-specific interventions, and fitting the models to multi-source data to identify initial and effective reproduction numbers and evaluate effectiveness of interventions. We estimated the initial basic reproduction number for South Korea, the Guangdong province and mainland China as 2.6 (95% confidence interval (CI): (2.5, 2.7)), 3.0 (95%CI: (2.6, 3.3)) and 3.8 (95%CI: (3.5,4.2)), respectively, given a serial interval with mean of days with standard deviation of days. We found that the effective reproduction number for the Guangdong province and mainland China has fallen below the threshold since February th and th respectively, while the effective reproduction number for South Korea remains high, suggesting that the interventions implemented need to be enhanced in order to halt further infections. We also project the epidemic trend in South Korea under different scenarios where a portion or the entirety of the integrated package of interventions in China is used. We show that a coherent and integrated approach with stringent public health interventions is the key to the success of containing the epidemic in China and specially its provinces outside its epicenter, and we show that this approach can also be effective to mitigate the burden of the COVID-19 epidemic in South Korea. The experience of outbreak control in mainland China should be a guiding reference for the rest of the world including South Korea.	-6.0515570640563965	-34.12355041503906	3
Lessons learnt from COVID-19 international cases: importations over time, effect of interventions, underdetection of imported cases. cases have been confirmed out of China from January to February 13, 2020. We collected and synthesized all available information on these cases from official sources and media. We analyzed importations that were successfully isolated and those leading to onward transmission. We modeled their number over time, in relation to the origin of travel (Hubei province, other Chinese provinces, other countries) and interventions. We characterized importations timeline to assess the rapidity of isolation, and epidemiologically linked clusters to estimate the rate of detection. We found a rapid exponential growth of importations from Hubei, combined with a slower growth from the other areas. We predicted a rebound of importations from South East Asia in the upcoming weeks. Time from travel to detection has considerably decreased since the first importation, however cases out of were estimated to go undetected. Countries outside China should be prepared for the possible emergence of several undetected clusters of chains of local transmissions.	-12.840834617614746	-27.820148468017578	2
Life course exposures continually shape antibody profile and risk of seroconversion to influenza. medRxiv preprint Effect of pre-existing immunity on seroconversion to recent strains Pre-existing, homologous titer to circulating strains is a well-described predictor of risk of seroconversion (14), which is confirmed in our study (Table and tables S5 and S6). However, we hypothesized that including metrics of antibody profiles that integrate previous exposure history would further improve predictions of the risk of seroconversion. Therefore, we examined the association between the risk of seroconversion with age at baseline sampling, pre-existing, homologous titer to outcome strains (the ith strain), titer to the i-1th strain, and summary metrics . CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-22.93382453918457	-28.48011016845703	2
Lipocalin-2 is a Sensitive and Specific Marker of Bacterial Infection in Children. Bacterial infection is the leading cause of death in children globally. Clinical algorithms to identify children who are likely to benefit from antimicrobial treatment remain suboptimal. Biomarkers that accurately identify serious bacterial infection (SBI) could improve diagnosis and clinical management. Lipocalin (LCN2) and neutrophil collagenase (MMP-8) are neutrophil-derived biomarkers associated with bacterial infection. Methods: We evaluated LCN2 and MMP-8 as candidate biomarkers in healthy controls and febrile children categorised confirmed SBI, probable SBI, or viral infection. The diagnostic performance of LCN2 and MMP-8 to predict SBI was estimated by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) and compared to the performance of C-reactive protein (CRP). Plasma LCN2 and MMP-8 concentration were predictive of SBI. The AUROC (95% CI) for LCN2, MMP8 and CRP to predict SBI was 0.88 (0.82-0.94); 0.80 (0.72-0.87) and 0.89 (0.84-0.94), respectively. The diagnostic performance of LCN2 in combination with CRP was significantly superior to either marker alone: AUROC 0.92 (95% CI: 0.88-0.96). LCN2 is a sensitive and specific predictor of SBI in children which could be used to improve clinical management and antimicrobial stewardship. LCN2 should be further evaluated in prospective clinical studies. Correspondence: ccasals@clinic.cat	11.667669296264648	-24.24983787536621	9
Long non-coding RNA Gm15441 attenuates hepatic inflammasome activation in response to metabolic stress. Fasting paradigms elicit a wide-range of health benefits including suppressing inflammation. Exploring the molecular mechanisms that prevent inflammation during caloric restriction may yield promising new therapeutic targets. During fasting, activation of the nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARA) promotes the utilization of lipids as an energy source. Herein, we show that ligand activation of PPARA directly upregulates the long non-coding RNA gene Gm15441 through binding sites within its promoter. Gm15441 expression suppresses its antisense transcript, encoding thioredoxin interacting protein (TXNIP). This, in turn, decreases TXNIP-stimulated NLRP3 inflammasome activation, caspase-1 (CASP1) cleavage, and proinflammatory interleukin beta (IL1B) maturation. Gm15441-null mice were developed and shown to be more susceptible to NLRP3 inflammasome activation and to exhibit elevated CASP1 and IL1B cleavage in response to metabolic and inflammatory stimuli. These findings provide evidence for a novel mechanism by which PPARA attenuates hepatic inflammasome activation in response to metabolic stress through lncRNA Gm15441 induction. Txnip expression in vivo. Gm15441 LSL mice were treated with a PPARA agonist or fasted to assess how loss of Gm15441 impacts hepatic inflammasome activation in response to both pharmacological and physiologically-induced metabolic stress. TXNIP protein, caspase-1 (CASP1) levels, and interleukin beta (IL1B) cleavage were elevated in Gm15441 LSL mice and were further increased by PPARA activation, indicating that this lncRNA plays a major role in attenuating inflammasome activation. Thus, hepatic PPARA directly regulates the lncRNA Gm15441, which in turn suppresses Txnip expression, which attenuates NLRP3 inflammasome activation during periods of metabolic stress. These studies revealed a novel regulatory mechanism supporting the beneficial effects of fasting, namely, reduced inflammation. Results To assess the regulation of lncRNAs by PPARA, RNA-seq was performed using total liver RNA isolated from Ppara +/+ mice, both with and without dietary exposure to the PPARA agonist WY-14643. A lncRNA discovery pipeline was implemented that identified 15,558 liver-expressed lncRNA genes. Of these, 13,343 were intergenic, 1,966 were antisense, and were intragenic lncRNAs. 44% of the 15,558 liver-expressed lncRNAs are considered novel (Melia and Waxman, 2019). Differential gene expression analysis revealed that a total of 1,735 RefSeq genes and liver-expressed lncRNA genes responded to treatment with WY-14643 at an expression foldchange >2 at FDR<0.05, with RefSeq genes and lncRNA genes upregulated, and	1.8595024347305298	37.57643508911133	0
Long noncoding RNA AVAN promotes antiviral innate immunity by interacting with TRIM25 and enhancing the transcription of FOXO3a. Accumulating evidence has shown that long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are involved in several biological processes, including immune responses. However, the role of lncRNAs in antiviral innate immune responses remains largely unexplored. Here, we identify an uncharacterized human lncRNA from influenza A virus (IAV) patients, antivirus and activate neutrophil (AVAN), that is significantly up-regulated upon virus infection. Mechanistically, nuclear lncRNA-AVAN positively regulates the transcription of forkhead box O3A (FOXO3a) by associating with its promoter and inducing chromatin remodeling to promote neutrophil chemotaxis. Furthermore, we also found that cytoplasmic lncRNA-AVAN directly binds tripartite motif containing (TRIM25) and enhances the association of TRIM25 and Retinoic acid inducible gene-1 proteins (RIG-I) and the ubiquitylation of RIG-I, thereby promoting TRIM25-and RIG-I-mediated antiviral innate immune signaling. More importantly，we enforced the expression of AVAN in transgenic mice and found that it significantly alleviated IAV virulence and virus production. Collectively, these findings highlight the potential clinical implications of lncRNA-AVAN as a key positive regulator of the antiviral innate immune response and a promising target for developing broad antiviral therapeutics.	2.2388954162597656	37.39866638183594	0
Long-Term Persistence of IgG Antibodies in SARS-CoV Infected Healthcare Workers 3. BACKGROUND The ongoing worldwide outbreak of the 2019-nCoV is markedly similar to the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak years ago. During the 2002-2003 SARS outbreak, healthcare workers formed a special population of patients. Although virus-specific IgG play important roles in virus neutralization and prevention against future infection, limited information is available regarding the long term persistence of IgG after infection with SARS-like coronavirus. METHODS A long-term prospective cohort study followed SARS-CoV-infected healthcare workers from a hospital with clustered infected cases during the 2002-2003 SARS outbreak in Guangzhou, China, with a 13-year follow-up. Serum samples were collected annually from 2003-2015. Twenty SARS-CoV-infected and non-infected healthcare workers were enrolled in 2015, and their serum samples were collected. All sera were tested for IgG antibodies with ELISA using whole virus and a recombinant nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV, as a diagnostic antigen. RESULTS Anti SARS-CoV IgG was found to persist for up to years. IgG titers typically peaked in 2004, declining rapidly from 2004-2006, and then continued to decline at a slower rate. IgG titers in . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . doi: medRxiv preprint SARS-CoV-infected healthcare workers remained at a significantly high level until 2015. Patients treated with corticosteroids at the time of infection were found to have lower IgG titers than those without. CONCLUSIONS IgG antibodies against SARS-CoV can persist for at least years. The presence of SARS-CoV IgG might provide protection against SARS-CoV and other betacoronavirus. This study provides valuable information regarding humoral immune responses against SARS-CoV and the 2019-nCoV.	11.872308731079102	-10.84311580657959	7
Loss of IKK subunits limits NF-κB signaling in reovirus infected cells 5.	1.0222561359405518	34.09099578857422	0
Lung epithelial cells have virus-specific and shared gene expression responses to infection by diverse respiratory viruses 3. The severity and outcome of respiratory viral infections is partially determined by the cellular response mounted by infected lung epithelial cells. Disease prevention and treatment is dependent on our understanding of the shared and unique responses elicited by diverse viruses, yet few studies compare host responses to different viruses while controlling other experimental parameters. We used microarray analysis to compare changes in gene expression of murine lung epithelial cells infected individually by three respiratory viruses causing mild (rhinovirus, RV1B), moderate (coronavirus, MHV-1), and severe (influenza A virus, PR8) disease in mice. RV1B infection caused numerous gene expression changes, but the differential effect peaked at hours post-infection. PR8 altered an intermediate number of genes whose expression continued to change through hours. MHV-1 had comparatively few effects on host gene expression. The viruses elicited highly overlapping responses in antiviral genes, though MHV-1 induced a lower type I interferon response than the other two viruses. Signature genes were identified for each virus and included host defense genes for PR8, tissue remodeling genes for RV1B, and transcription factors for MHV-1. Our comparative approach identified universal and specific transcriptional signatures of virus infection that can be used to discover mechanisms of pathogenesis in the respiratory tract. murine cells. Because RV1B can replicate in mouse cells, it has been used to study immune responses and/or mechanisms of asthma exacerbation in infected mice [1-5]. Intranasal inoculation of mice with a high dose of RV1B results in viral replication and an early inflammatory response in the respiratory tract without clinical signs of disease [1, 3-5]. RV1B antigens have been detected in cells of the epithelia and lamina propria of the upper respiratory tract of infected mice [2, 4]. MHV-1 is a strain of mouse hepatitis virus that preferentially replicates and causes disease in the respiratory tract of specific mouse strains and thus serves as a model for respiratory coronaviral infections [6, 7]. MHV-1 causes severe disease in A/J-strain mice and milder pathology in other mouse strains [6, 8]. Mouse strain-dependent disease severity corresponds to inflammatory responses, fibrin deposition, and reduced type I interferon (IFN) production [6]. Further, type I IFN-mediated signaling is required for protection from severe disease during MHV-1 infection of resistant mice [8]. MHV-1 has been detected in pulmonary macrophages of infected mice, but has not been reported to infect respiratory epithelial cells in vivo [6]. Although primary murine alveolar epithelial cells are susceptible to MHV-1 infection in vitro, their role during in vivo infection is not clear [9].	13.476519584655762	24.192035675048828	10
Lymphopenia predicts disease severity of COVID-19: a descriptive and predictive study Summary Background. Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) is a rapidly escalating epidemic caused by SARS-CoV-2. Identification of a simple and effective indicator to assess disease severity and prognosis is urgently needed. Dynamic changes of blood lymphocyte percentage (LYM%) in death cases, severe cases as well as moderate cases of COVID-19 patients were retrospectively analyzed. A Time-LYM% model (TLM) was established according to the descriptive studies and was validated in hospitalized cases. Results from death and severe cases showed that LYM% in blood tests were inversely associated with the severity and prognosis of COVID-19. LYM% in moderate type of patients with COVID-19 remained higher than 20% 10-12 days after symptom onset. In contrast, LYM% was lower than 20% in severe cases. However, LYM% in severe cases was higher than 5% 17-19 days after the onset of the disease, while it fell below 5% in death cases. Accordingly, we established a Time-LYM% model (TLM), which was validated as an independent criterion of disease classification in another hospitalized patients with COVID-19. Lymphopenia can be used as an indicator of disease severity and prognosis of COVID-19 patients. TLM is worth of application in the clinical practice.	10.9986572265625	-20.678356170654297	7
MAD1 domains in the mitotic checkpoint Coordination between discrete Mitotic Arrest Deficient (MAD1) domains is required for efficient mitotic checkpoint signaling.	-5.73999547958374	30.32152557373047	8
MERS-CoV NSP16 necessary for IFN resistance and viral pathogenesis. Coronaviruses encode a mix of highly conserved and novel genes as well as genetic elements necessary for infection and pathogenesis, raising the possibility for common targets for attenuation and therapeutic design. In this study, we focus on the highly conserved non-4 structural protein (NSP) 16, a viral 2'O methyl-transferase (MTase) that encodes critical functions in immune modulation and infection. Using reverse genetics, we disrupted a key motif in the conserved KDKE motif of MERS NSP16 (D130A) and evaluated the effect on viral infection and pathogenesis. While the absence of 2'O MTase activity had only marginal impact on propagation and replication in Vero cells, the MERS dNSP16 mutant demonstrated significant attenuation relative to control both in primary human airway cultures and in vivo. Further examination indicated the MERS dNSP16 mutant had a type I IFN based attenuation and was partially restored in the absence of IFIT molecules. Importantly, the robust attenuation permitted use of MERS dNSP16 as a live attenuated vaccine platform protecting from challenge with a mouse adapted MERS-CoV strain. These studies demonstrate the importance of the conserved 2'O MTase activity for CoV pathogenesis and highlight NSP16 as a conserved universal target for rapid live attenuated vaccine design in an expanding CoV outbreak setting. Significance Coronavirus emergence in both human and livestock represents a significant threat to global public health, as evidenced by the sudden emergence of SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, PEDV and swine delta coronavirus in the st century. These studies describe an approach that effectively targets the highly conserved 2'O methyl-transferase activity of coronaviruses for attenuation. With clear understanding of the IFN/IFIT based mechanism, NSP16 mutants provide a suitable target for a live attenuated vaccine platform as well as therapeutic development for both current and future emergent CoV strains. Importantly, other approaches targeting other conserved pan-8 coronavirus functions have not yet proven effective against MERS-CoV, illustrating the broad applicability of targeting viral 2'O MTase function across coronaviruses.	9.721956253051758	22.286771774291992	4
MERS-CoV recombination: implications about the reservoir and potential for adaptation. Recombination is a process that unlinks neighbouring loci allowing for independent evolutionary trajectories within genomes of many organisms. If not properly accounted for, recombination can compromise many evolutionary analyses. In addition, when dealing with organisms that are not obligately sexually reproducing, recombination gives insight into the rate at which distinct genetic lineages come into contact. Since June, 2012, Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) has caused laboratory-confirmed infections, with MERS-CoV associated deaths as of April 16, 2015. Although bats are considered as the likely ultimate source of zoonotic betacoronaviruses, dromedary camels have been consistently implicated as the source of current human infections in the Middle East. In this paper we use phylogenetic methods and simulations to show that MERS-CoV genome has likely undergone numerous recombinations recently. Recombination in MERS-CoV implies frequent co-infection with distinct lineages of MERS-CoV, probably in camels given the current understanding of MERS-CoV epidemiology. We use the Genetic Algorithm for Recombination Detection (GARD) method (Kosakovsky Pond et al., 2006) , as implemented in the software package HyPhy (Pond et al., 2005) , to look for alternative tree topologies in sequence data. Briefly, the method compares a model where a single tree is derived from the whole alignment and alternative models where breakpoints are introduced into the alignment and phylogenetic trees are derived independently . CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license is made available under a	-0.9118924736976624	4.011516094207764	5
MERS-CoV spillover at the camel-human interface. Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) is a zoonotic virus from camels causing significant mortality and morbidity in humans in the Arabian Peninsula. The epidemiology of the virus remains poorly understood, and while casebased and seroepidemiological studies have been employed extensively throughout the epidemic, viral sequence data have not been utilised to their full potential. Here we use existing MERS-CoV sequence data to explore its phylodynamics in two of its known major hosts, humans and camels. We employ structured coalescent models to show that long-term MERS-CoV evolution occurs exclusively in camels, whereas humans act as a transient, and ultimately terminal host. By analysing the distribution of human outbreak cluster sizes and zoonotic introduction times we show that human outbreaks in the Arabian peninsula are driven by seasonally varying zoonotic transfer of viruses from camels. Without heretofore unseen evolution of host tropism, MERS-CoV is unlikely to become endemic in humans.	8.938974380493164	-2.7258808612823486	10
MINI REVIEW Function of the Deubiquitinating Enzyme USP46 in the Nervous System and Its Regulation by WD40-Repeat Proteins. Posttranslational modification of proteins by ubiquitin regulates synapse development and synaptic transmission. Much progress has been made investigating the role of ubiquitin ligases at the synapse, however very little is known about the deubiquitinating enzymes (DUBs) which remove ubiquitin from target proteins. Although there are far fewer DUBs than ubiquitin ligases encoded by the human genome, it is becoming clear that DUBs have very specific physiological functions, suggesting that DUB activity is tightly regulated in vivo. Many DUBs function as part of larger protein complexes, and multiple regulatory mechanisms exist to control the expression, localization and catalytic activity of DUBs. In this review article, we focus on the role of the DUB USP46 in the nervous system, and illustrate potential mechanisms of regulating DUBs by describing how USP46 is regulated by two WD40-repeat (WDR) proteins, WDR48/UAF1 and WDR20, based on recent structural studies and genetic analyses in vivo.	-1.7866214513778687	32.65373229980469	8
MINI REVIEW Rhinovirus Biology, Antigenic Diversity, and Advancements in the Design of a Human Rhinovirus Vaccine. Human rhinovirus (HRV) remains a leading cause of several human diseases including the common cold. Despite considerable research over the last years, development of an effective vaccine to HRV has been viewed by many as unfeasible due, in part, to the antigenic diversity of circulating HRVs in nature. Over antigenically distinct types of HRV are currently known which span three species: HRV A, HRV B, and HRV C. Early attempts to develop a rhinovirus vaccine have shown that inactivated HRV is capable of serving as a strong immunogen and inducing neutralizing antibodies. Yet, limitations to virus preparation and recovery, continued identification of antigenic variants of HRV, and logistical challenges pertaining to preparing a polyvalent preparation of the magnitude required for true efficacy against circulating rhinoviruses continue to prove a daunting challenge. In this review, we describe HRV biology, antigenic diversity, and past and present advances in HRV vaccine design.	19.87567138671875	13.616118431091309	10
MYCOPLASMA FAUCIUM AND BREAST CANCER. Viruses and bacteria are the cause of a large number of different human diseases. It is believed that some of them may even contribute to the development of cancer. The present work is dedicated to the identification of mycoplasmas in patients with breast cancer. Mycoplasmas may participate in the development of several human diseases including chronic fatigue syndrome, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, atypical pneumonia, etc. Moreover, there is a reason to believe that mycoplasma can participate in the development of cancer, leukemia and lymphoma. DNA samples from blood, saliva and tumor tissues of the Oncology Institute of Moldova patients diagnosed with breast cancer were analyzed. Mycoplasma testing was performed using nested PCR method. For Mycoplasma spp. detection, we used primers from the region of the 16S-23S RNA genes. The identification of Mycoplasma faucium, Mycoplasma salivarium and Mycoplasma orale was performed by nested PCR with primers for RNA polymerase beta subunit gene corresponding to mycoplasma. M.faucium and M.salivarius was found in saliva at about 100%, and M.orale at a frequency of about 50%. Only M.faucium was found with the frequency of about 60% in the tissue of the patients. Moreover, a fairly high rate of detection of mycoplasma is observed both in the cases when primers for RNA polymerase gene and primers for 16S-23S RNA were used. We found M.faucium in tumor tissues of patients diagnosed with breast cancer. It is known that mycoplasmas are able to stimulate the synthesis of certain cytokines, which act as mitogenes on the cell. We assume that M.faucium can stimulate the mitogenes synthesis in breast tissues (e.g., cytokines) which, in turn, stimulate cell division and thus participate in the initiation of breast cancer.	16.18492317199707	-0.16039903461933136	10
Machine intelligence design of 2019-nCoV drugs. Wuhan coronavirus, called 2019-nCoV, is a newly emerged virus that infected more than people and leads to more than fatalities by January 30, 2020. Currently, there is no effective treatment for this epidemic. However, the viral protease of a coronavirus is well-known to be essential for its replication and thus is an effective drug target. Fortunately, the sequence identity of the 2019-nCoV protease and that of severe-acute respiratory syndrome virus (SARS-CoV) is as high as 96.1%. We show that the protease inhibitor binding sites of 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV are almost identical, which means all potential anti-SARS-CoV chemotherapies are also potential 2019-nCoV drugs. Here, we report a family of potential 2019-nCoV drugs generated by a machine intelligence-based generative network complex (GNC). The potential effectiveness of treating 2019-nCoV by using some existing HIV drugs is also analyzed.	13.070801734924316	13.281281471252441	4
Mapping a viral phylogeny onto outbreak trees to improve host transmission inference. Background: Developing methods to reconstruct transmission histories for viral outbreaks could provide critical information to support locating sources of disease transmission. Phylogenetic methods used to measure the degree of relatedness among sequenced viral samples have proven useful in identifying potential outbreak sources. The complex nature of infectious disease, however, makes it difficult to assign a rigorously defined quantitative confidence value assessing the likelihood of a true direct transmission event using genetic data alone. Results: A new method is presented to calculate a confidence value assessing the likelihood of a transmission event using both phylogenetic inference and limited knowledge of incubation and infectious duration times. The method is applied to simulations of a foot and mouth disease (FMD) outbreak to demonstrate how the combination of both phylogenetic and epidemiology data can be used to strengthen the assessment of the likelihood of direct transmission over methods using just phylogenetic data or infection timing data alone. The method is applied to a previous FMD outbreak to identify areas where over confidence in previously inferred direct transmission may exist. Conclusion: Combining knowledge from viral evolution and epidemiology within a single integrated transmission inference framework is an important approach to assess the potential likelihood of transmission events and makes clear how specific features of a virus' spread through the course of an outbreak will directly determine the potential for confidence in inferred host transmission links. Background Developing methods to protect against RNA virus outbreaks in the face of constantly changing disease dynamics remains one of the great public health challenges of our time. One small piece of this problem involves determining the host-pathogen transmission history to identify an outbreak's origin. In recent cases such as the SARS outbreak [1, 2], H5N1 influenza [3] infection in humans and Marburgvirus [4], phylogenetic inference has been used to help identify potential outbreak sources. Typically, a collection of sequences from candidate related sources are compared to infer transmission links between the most closely related sequences. These methods have been used beyond the public health domain to provide evidence in HIV [5, 6] and other forensic investigations [7] to help infer when a suspect is involved in infecting a victim. P (δ, σ|M ) rather than P (δ|M ). This reflects the desire to estimate the probability of observing the genetic relation δ in conjunction with infection related timing values for the transmission hypothesis M . The σ parameter values are motivated by a SEIR type infection concept [22], which describes a host in one of four . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	-18.449506759643555	-17.730640411376953	5
Marburg virus-like particles by co- expression of glycoprotein and matrix protein in insect cells induces immune responses in mice. Background: Marburg virus (MARV) causes severe haemorrhagic fever in humans and nonhuman primates and has a high mortality rate. However, effective drugs or licensed vaccines are not currently available to control the outbreak and spread of this disease. Methods: In this study, we generated MARV virus-like particles (VLPs) by co-expressing the glycoprotein (GP) and matrix protein (VP40) using the baculovirus expression system. MARV VLPs and three adjuvants, Poria cocos polysaccharide (PCP-II), poly(I:C) and aluminium hydroxide, were evaluated after intramuscular vaccination in mice. Results: Murine studies demonstrated that vaccination with the MARV VLPs induce neutralizing antibodies and cellar immune responses. MARV VLPs and the PCP-II adjuvant group resulted in high titres of MARV-specific antibodies, activated relatively higher numbers of B cells and T cells in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), and induced greater cytokine secretion from splenocytes than the other adjuvants. Conclusion: MARV VLPs with the PCP-II adjuvant may constitute an effective vaccination and PCP-II should be further investigated as a novel adjuvant.	22.155637741088867	20.813140869140625	10
Maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia: a case-control study. The ongoing epidemics of coronavirus disease have caused serious concerns about its potential adverse effects on pregnancy. There are limited data on maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia. We conducted a case-control study to compare clinical characteristics, maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with and without COVID-19 pneumonia. During January to February 29, 2020, there were sixteen pregnant women with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia and eighteen suspected cases who were admitted to labor in the third trimester. Two had vaginal delivery and the rest took cesarean section. Few patients presented respiratory symptoms (fever and cough) on admission, but most had typical chest CT images of COVID-19 pneumonia. Compared to the controls, COVID-19 pneumonia patients had lower counts of white blood cells (WBC), neutrophils, C-reactive protein (CRP), and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) on admission. Increased levels of WBC, neutrophils, eosinophils, and CRP were found in postpartum blood tests of pneumonia patients. There were three (18.8%) and two (10.5%) of the mothers with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 pneumonia had preterm delivery due to maternal complications, which were significantly higher than the control group. None experienced respiratory failure during hospital stay. COVID-19 infection was not found in the newborns and none developed severe neonatal complications. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	14.190791130065918	-17.65077781677246	7
Mating strategy is determinant of Adenovirus prevalence in European bats 2. Adenoviruses are double-strained DNA viruses found in a great number of vertebrates, including humans. In order to understand their transmission dynamics, it is crucial, even from a human health perspective, to investigate how host traits influence their prevalence. Bats are important reservoirs for Adenoviruses, and here we use the results of recent screenings in Western Europe to evaluate the association between characteristic traits of bat species and their probability of hosting Adenoviruses, taking into account their phylogenetic relationships. Across species, we found an important phylogenetic component in the presence of Adenoviruses and mating strategy as the most determinant factor conditioning the prevalence of Adenoviruses across bat species. Contrary to other more stable mating strategies (e.g. harems), swarming could hinder transmission of Adenoviruses since this strategy implies that contacts between individuals are too short. Alternatively, bat species with more promiscuous behavior may develop a stronger immune system. Outstandingly high prevalence of Adenoviruses was reported for the Iberian species Pipistrellus pygmaeus, P. kuhlii and Nyctalus lasiopterus and we found that in the latter, males were more likely to be infected by Adenoviruses than females, due to the immunosuppressing consequence of testosterone during the mating season. As a general trend Author Summary Adenoviruses are DNA viruses with a wide range of vertebrate hosts, including humans, causing ocular, respiratory and gastrointestinal diseases. Here, we focus on the prevalence of Adenoviruses in bats, which are known to be natural reservoir of many viruses, using the results of recent screenings for prevalence of these viruses in European bat species. Our aim is to find association between Adenoviruses prevalence and biological and behavioral host traits, considering the heterogeneity both between and within species in order to have a deeper understanding of mechanisms of viral transmission. Our results highlight the importance of mating strategy: bats species using swarming as mating strategy are less likely to be infected by Adenoviruses. Moreover, we found that locality of capture can explain a higher prevalence of Adenovirus within species. However, no general pattern has been found in the analysis at individual level, suggesting a strong species specificity and complex viral transmission dynamics.	-2.5262558460235596	6.182727336883545	5
Messenger RNAs transcribed from yeast linear cytoplasmic plasmids possess unconventional 5' and 3' UTRs and suggest a novel mechanism of translation. Linear plasmids with almost identical compact genetic organization have been found in the cytoplasm of yeast species from nine genera. We employed pGKL1,2 plasmids from Kluyveromyces lactis as a model to investigate the previously unstudied transcriptome of yeast cytoplasmic linear plasmids. We performed 5' and 3' RACE analysis of all the pGKL1,2 mRNAs and found them not 3' polyadenylated and containing mostly uncapped 5' poly(A) leaders that are not complementary to the plasmid DNA. The degree of 5' capping and/or 5' polyadenylation is specific to each gene and is controlled by the corresponding promoter regions. We refined the description of the pGKL1,2 promoters and found new alternative promoters of several genes. We also provide evidence that K2ORF3 encodes an mRNA cap guanine-N -methyltransferase and that 5' capped pGKL1,2 transcripts contain N -methylated caps. Translation of pGKL1,2 transcripts is enhanced in lsm1Δ and pab1Δ strains and is independent of eIF4E and Pab1 translation factors. We suggested a model of a primitive regulation of pGKL1,2 plasmids gene expression where degree of 5' mRNA capping, degree of 5' non-template polyadenylation and presence of negative regulators as PAB1 and Lsm1 play an important role. Our data also suggest a close relationship between linear plasmids and poxviruses. doi: bioRxiv preprint synthesized in a template-independent manner. We show that plasmid promoters directly determine the formation of the mRNA 5' end leaders and their capping, pointing to a possible role of the plasmid RNA polymerase in this unusual phenomenon. We also provide the first evidence that MTase is an essential part of the K2Orf3p enzyme and that capped pGKL mRNAs are methylated at the N position of the terminal guanosine moiety. Using in vitro and in vivo approaches, we demonstrate that translation of plasmid-specific mRNAs is independent of major cellular cap-binding proteins, translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E), and the Pab1 and Lsm1 proteins that were speculated to be possible translational enhancers and/or stabilizers of cellular and viral mRNAs bearing 5' poly(A) stretches (38,39). Our results thus suggest the existence of a novel translation initiation mechanism. Materials and Methods K. lactis IFO1267 was transformed with a PCR-generated fragment consisting of 5' and 3' ends homologous to the part of the pGKL plasmid to be modified, a non-homologous part that introduces mutation/s into a plasmid-specific protein coding sequence, and a gene encoding a resistance marker (typically against G418 or hygromycin B) whose transcription is driven by the UCR of K1ORF1 or K1ORF2. This type of construct was prepared by fusion PCR; for the organization of such a construct, see Fig. 2A . After transformation, yeast cells were plated onto selective agar media, and their DNA content was analyzed for the presence of the modified pGKL plasmid using agarose electrophoresis. Both modified and wild-type target plasmids were usually detected after transformation. Colonies containing both the modified and wild-type target plasmids were selected and cultivated under selective conditions for approximately generations and analyzed using agarose electrophoresis. For subsequent analysis, only colonies containing a modified version of the target plasmid were used. All constructs were verified using colony PCRs and subsequent sequencing of amplified products.	-6.45956563949585	24.816553115844727	8
Metagenomic Nanopore sequencing of influenza virus direct from clinical respiratory samples 3. Influenza is a major global public health threat as a result of its highly pathogenic variants, large zoonotic reservoir, and pandemic potential. Metagenomic viral sequencing offers the potential of a diagnostic test for influenza which also provides insights on transmission, evolution and drug resistance, and simultaneously detects other viruses. We therefore set out to apply Oxford Nanopore Technology to metagenomic sequencing of respiratory samples. We generated influenza reads down to a limit of detection of -10 genome copies/ml in pooled samples, observing a strong relationship between the viral titre and the proportion of influenza reads (p = 4.7x10 -5 ). Applying our methods to clinical throat swabs, we generated influenza reads for 27/27 samples with high-to-mid viral titres (Cycle threshold (Ct) values <30) and 6/13 samples with low viral titres (Ct values 30-40). No false positive reads were generated from influenza-negative samples. Thus Nanopore sequencing operated with 83% sensitivity (95% CI 67-93%) and 100% specificity (95% CI 69-100%) compared to the current diagnostic standard. Coverage of full length virus was dependent on sample composition, being negatively influenced by increased host and bacterial reads. However, at high influenza titres, we were able to reconstruct >99% complete sequence for all eight gene segments. We also detected Human Coronavirus and generated a near complete Human Metapneumovirus genome from clinical samples. While further optimisation is required to improve sensitivity, this approach shows promise for the Nanopore platform to be used in the diagnosis and genetic analysis of influenza and other respiratory viruses.	-2.8162097930908203	-2.5071234703063965	6
Microbiota-independent antiviral protection conferred by aminoglycoside antibiotics 2. Antibiotics are widely used to treat infections in humans. However, the impact of antibiotic use on host cells is understudied. We have identified a novel antiviral effect of commonly used aminoglycoside antibiotics. We show that mucosal application of aminoglycosides increased host resistance to a broad range of viral infections including herpes simplex viruses, influenza A virus and Zika virus. Aminoglycoside treatment also reduced viral replication in primary human cells. This antiviral activity was independent of the microbiota as aminoglycoside treatment protected germ-free mice. Microarray analysis uncovered a marked upregulation of transcripts for interferon-stimulated genes (ISGs) following aminoglycoside application. ISG induction was mediated by TLR3, and required TIR-35 domain-containing adapter-inducing interferon-β (TRIF), signaling adaptor, and interferon regulatory factors (IRF3) and IRF7, transcription factors that promote ISG expression. XCR1+ dendritic cells, which uniquely express TLR3, were recruited to the vaginal mucosa upon aminoglycoside treatment and were required for ISG induction. These results highlight an unexpected ability of aminoglycoside antibiotics to confer broad antiviral resistance in vivo.	5.395054340362549	35.39164733886719	0
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) in Dromedary Camels in Africa and Middle East. Dromedary camels are the natural reservoirs of the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV). Camels are mostly bred in East African countries then exported into Africa and Middle East for consumption. To understand the distribution of MERS-CoV among camels in North Africa and the Middle East, we conducted surveillance in Egypt, Senegal, Tunisia, Uganda, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Iraq. We also performed longitudinal studies of three camel herds in Egypt and Jordan to elucidate MERS-CoV infection and transmission. Between and 2018, a total of nasal swabs and serum samples were collected from all countries. Real-time PCR revealed that MERS-CoV RNA was detected in nasal swab samples from Egypt, Senegal, Tunisia, and Saudi Arabia. Microneutralization assay showed that antibodies were detected in all countries. Positive PCR samples were partially sequenced, and a phylogenetic tree was built. The tree suggested that all sequences are of clade C and sequences from camels in Egypt formed a separate group from previously published sequences. Longitudinal studies showed high seroprevalence in adult camels. These results indicate the widespread distribution of the virus in camels. A systematic active surveillance and longitudinal studies for MERS-CoV are needed to understand the epidemiology of the disease and dynamics of viral infection.	10.127092361450195	-3.811185359954834	10
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Antibodies in Bactrian and Hybrid Camels from Dubai. So far, dromedary camels are the only known animal reservoir for Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) coronavirus (MERS-CoV). Previous published serological studies showed that sera of Bactrian camels were all negative for MERS-CoV antibodies. However, a recent study revealed that direct inoculation of Bactrian camels intranasally with MERS-CoV can lead to infection with abundant virus shedding and seroconversion. In this study, we examined the presence of MERS-CoV antibodies in Bactrian and hybrid camels in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (where dromedaries are also present), and Bactrian camels in Xinjiang, China (where dromedaries are absent). For the serum samples from Bactrian camels in Dubai tested by the MERS-CoV spike (S) protein-based enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (S-ELISA) and neutralization antibody test, (48%) and (41%), respectively, were positive for MERS-CoV antibodies. All the serum samples that were positive with the neutralization antibody test were also positive for the S-ELISA. For the sera from hybrid camels in Dubai tested with the S-ELISA and neutralization antibody test, (55%) and (82%), respectively, were positive for MERS-CoV antibodies. All the serum samples that were positive for the S-ELISA were also positive with the neutralization antibody test. There was a strong correlation between the antibody levels detected by S-ELISA and neutralizing antibody titers, with a Spearman coefficient of 0.6262 (P Ͻ 0.0001; 95% confidence interval, 0.5062 to 0.7225). All Bactrian camel serum samples from Xinjiang were negative for MERS-CoV antibodies tested using both S-ELISA and the neutralization antibody test. Bactrian and hybrid camels are potential sources of MERS-CoV infection. IMPORTANCE Since its first appearance in 2012, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) has affected Ͼ25 countries, with Ͼ2,400 cases and an extremely high fatality rate of Ͼ30%. The total number of mortalities due to MERS is already greater than that due to severe acute respiratory syndrome. MERS coronavirus (MERS-CoV) has been confirmed to be the etiological agent. So far, dromedaries are the only known animal reservoir for MERS-CoV. Previously published serological studies showed that sera of Bactrian camels were all negative for MERS-CoV antibodies. In this study, we observed that 41% of the Bactrian camel sera and 55% of the hybrid camel sera from Dubai (where dromedaries are also present), but none of the sera from Bactrian camels in Xinjiang (where dromedaries are absent), were positive for MERS-CoV antibodies. Based on these results, we conclude that in addition to dromedaries, Bactrian and hybrid camels are also potential sources of MERS-CoV infection.	10.425889015197754	-4.059928894042969	10
Modeling Epidemics: A Primer and Numerus Software Implementation. Epidemiological models are dominated by SEIR (Susceptible, Exposed, Infected and Removed) dynamical systems formulations and their elaborations. These formulations can be continuous or discrete, deterministic or stochastic, or spatially homogeneous or heterogeneous, the latter often embracing a network formulation. Here we review the continuous and discrete deterministic and discrete stochastic formulations of the SEIR dynamical systems models, and we outline how they can be easily and rapidly constructed using the Numerus Model Builder, a graphicallydriven coding platform. We also demonstrate how to extend these models to a metapopulation setting using both the Numerus Model Builder network and geographical mapping tools.	-17.22222137451172	-11.844019889831543	5
Modeling and Prediction of the Coronavirus Disease Spreading in China Incorporating Human Migration Data. This study integrates the daily intercity migration data with the classic Susceptible-Exposed-Infected-Removed (SEIR) model to construct a new model suitable for describing the dynamics of epidemic spreading of Coronavirus Disease in China. Daily intercity migration data for cities in China are collected from Baidu Migration, a mobile-app based human migration tracking data system. Historical data of infected, recovered and death cases from official source are used for model fitting. The set of model parameters obtained from best data fitting using a constrained nonlinear optimization procedure is used for estimation of the dynamics of epidemic spreading in the coming weeks. Our results show that the number of infections in most cities in China will peak between mid February to early March 2020, with about 0.8%, less than 0.1% and less than 0.01% of the population eventually infected in Wuhan, Hubei Province and the rest of China, respectively.	-2.3770487308502197	-33.4692497253418	3
Modeling the Comparative Impact of Individual Quarantine vs. Active Monitoring of Contacts for the Mitigation of COVID-19. Individual quarantine and active monitoring of contacts are core disease control strategies, particularly for emerging infectious diseases such as Coronavirus Disease . To estimate the comparative efficacy of these interventions to control COVID-19, we fit a stochastic branching model, comparing two sets of reported parameters for the dynamics of the disease. Our results suggest that individual quarantine may contain an outbreak of COVID-19 with a short serial interval (4.8 days) only in settings with high intervention performance where at least three-quarters of infected contacts are individually quarantined. However, in settings where this performance is unrealistically high and the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow, so too will the burden of the number of contacts traced for active monitoring or quarantine. In such circumstances where resources are prioritized for scalable interventions such as social distancing, we show active monitoring or individual quarantine of high-risk contacts can contribute synergistically to social distancing. To the extent that interventions based on contact tracing can be implemented, therefore, they can help mitigate the spread of COVID-19. Our model highlights the urgent need for more data on the serial interval and the extent of presymptomatic transmission in order to make data-driven policy decisions regarding the cost-benefit comparisons of individual quarantine vs. active monitoring of contacts.	-18.426246643066406	-22.529802322387695	2
Modeling the Epidemic Dynamics and Control of COVID-19 Outbreak in China. and more than countries over last two months. COVID-19 has multiple characteristics distinct from other infectious diseases, including high infectivity during incubation, time delay between real dynamics and daily observed number of confirmed cases, and the intervention effects of implemented quarantine and control measures. We develop a Susceptible, Un-quanrantined infected, Quarantined infected, Confirmed infected (SUQC) model to characterize the dynamics of COVID-19 and explicitly parameterize the intervention effects of control measures, which is more suitable for analysis than other existing epidemic models.	-6.020331859588623	-18.008935928344727	3
Modelling the situation of COVID-19 and effects of different containment strategies in China with dynamic differential equations and parameters estimation. This paper proposed a quarantine-susceptible-exposed-infectious-resistant (QSEIR) model which considers the unprecedented strict quarantine measures in almost the whole of China to resist the epidemic. We estimated model parameters from published information with the statistical method and stochastic simulation, we found the parameters that achieved the best simulation test result. The next stage involved quantitative predictions of future epidemic developments based on different containment strategies with the QSEIR model, focused on the sensitivity of the outcomes to different parameter choices in mainland China. The main results are as follows. If the strict quarantine measures are being retained, the peak value of confirmed cases would be in the range of [52438, 64090] and the peak date would be expected in the range February to February 19, 2020. During March18-30, 2020, the epidemic would be controlled. The end date would be in the period from August to September 1, 2020. With 80% probability, our prediction on the peak date was days ahead of the real date, the prediction error of the peak value is 0.43%, both estimates are much closer to the observed values compared with published studies. The sensitive analysis indicated that the quarantine measures (or with vaccination) are the most author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint effective containment strategy to control the epidemic, followed by measures to increase the cured rate (like finding special medicine). The long-term simulation result and sensitive analysis in mainland China showed that the QSEIR model is stable and can be empirically validated. It is suggested that the QSEIR model can be applied to predict the development trend of the epidemic in other regions or countries in the world. In mainland China, the quarantine measures can't be relaxed before the end of March 2020. China can fully resume production with appropriate antiepidemic measures beginning in early April 2020. The results of this study also implied that other countries now facing the epidemic outbreaks should act more decisively and take in time quarantine measures though it may have negative short-term public and economic consequences.	-5.7703752517700195	-24.741304397583008	3
Modelling the transmission of healthcare associated infections: a systematic review. Background: Dynamic transmission models are increasingly being used to improve our understanding of the epidemiology of healthcare-associated infections (HCAI). However, there has been no recent comprehensive review of this emerging field. This paper summarises how mathematical models have informed the field of HCAI and how methods have developed over time. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, Scopus, CINAHL plus and Global Health databases were systematically searched for dynamic mathematical models of HCAI transmission and/or the dynamics of antimicrobial resistance in healthcare settings. Results: In total, papers met the eligibility criteria. The main research themes considered were evaluation of infection control effectiveness (64%), variability in transmission routes (7%), the impact of movement patterns between healthcare institutes (5%), the development of antimicrobial resistance (3%), and strain competitiveness or cocolonisation with different strains (3%). Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus was the most commonly modelled HCAI (34%), followed by vancomycin resistant enterococci (16%). Other common HCAIs, e.g. Clostridum difficile, were rarely investigated (3%). Very few models have been published on HCAI from low or middle-income countries. The first HCAI model has looked at antimicrobial resistance in hospital settings using compartmental deterministic approaches. Stochastic models (which include the role of chance in the transmission process) are becoming increasingly common. Model calibration (inference of unknown parameters by fitting models to data) and sensitivity analysis are comparatively uncommon, occurring in 35% and 36% of studies respectively, but their application is increasing. Only 5% of models compared their predictions to external data. Conclusions: Transmission models have been used to understand complex systems and to predict the impact of control policies. Methods have generally improved, with an increased use of stochastic models, and more advanced methods for formal model fitting and sensitivity analyses. Insights gained from these models could be broadened to a wider range of pathogens and settings. Improvements in the availability of data and statistical methods could enhance the predictive ability of models.	-26.42945671081543	-23.356914520263672	2
Modification of primary amines to higher order amines reduces in vivo hematological and immunotoxicity of cationic nanocarriers through TLR4 and complement pathways. For decades, cationic polymer nanoparticles have been investigated for nucleic acid delivery. Despite promising in vitro transfection results, most formulations have failed to translate into the clinic due to significant in vivo toxicity -especially when delivered intravenously. To address this significant problem, we investigated the detailed mechanisms that govern the complex in vivo systemic toxicity response to common polymeric nanoparticles. We determined that the toxicity response is material dependent. For branched polyethylenimine (bPEI) nanoparticles -toxicity is a function of multiple pathophysiological responses -triggering of innate immune sensors, induction of hepatic toxicity, and significant alteration of hematological properties. In contrast, for chitosan-based nanoparticles -systemic toxicity is primarily driven through innate immune activation. We further identified that modification of primary amines to secondary and tertiary amines using the small molecule imidazole-aceticacid (IAA) ameliorates in vivo toxicity from both nanocarriers by different, material-specific mechanisms related to Toll-like receptor activation (for bPEI) and complement activation driven neutrophil infiltration (for chitosan), respectively. Our results provide a detailed roadmap for evaluating in vivo toxicity of nanocarriers and identifies potential opportunities to reduce toxicity for eventual clinical translation.	19.84819984436035	30.738502502441406	11
Molecular Sciences Impact of RNA Virus Evolution on Quasispecies Formation and Virulence. RNA viruses are known to replicate by low fidelity polymerases and have high mutation rates whereby the resulting virus population tends to exist as a distribution of mutants. In this review, we aim to explore how genetic events such as spontaneous mutations could alter the genomic organization of RNA viruses in such a way that they impact virus replications and plaque morphology. The phenomenon of quasispecies within a viral population is also discussed to reflect virulence and its implications for RNA viruses. An understanding of how such events occur will provide further evidence about whether there are molecular determinants for plaque morphology of RNA viruses or whether different plaque phenotypes arise due to the presence of quasispecies within a population. Ultimately this review gives an insight into whether the intrinsically high error rates due to the low fidelity of RNA polymerases is responsible for the variation in plaque morphology and diversity in virulence. This can be a useful tool in characterizing mechanisms that facilitate virus adaptation and evolution. in the P1 region and non-structural proteins in the P2 (2A-2C) and P3 regions (3A-3D) following proteolytic cleavage ( Figure 1B) . The viral capsid proteins VP1, VP2 and VP3 are displayed on the external structures of the EV-A71 viral particle whereas VP4 is found within the internal structures of the capsid [21] .	-5.741847038269043	14.693939208984375	8
Molecular Sciences Monocytes and Macrophages as Viral Targets and Reservoirs. Viruses manipulate cell biology to utilize monocytes/macrophages as vessels for dissemination, long-term persistence within tissues and virus replication. Viruses enter cells through endocytosis, phagocytosis, macropinocytosis or membrane fusion. These processes play important roles in the mechanisms contributing to the pathogenesis of these agents and in establishing viral genome persistence and latency. Upon viral infection, monocytes respond with an elevated expression of proinflammatory signalling molecules and antiviral responses, as is shown in the case of the influenza, Chikungunya, human herpes and Zika viruses. Human immunodeficiency virus initiates acute inflammation on site during the early stages of infection but there is a shift of M1 to M2 at the later stages of infection. Cytomegalovirus creates a balance between pro-and anti-inflammatory processes by inducing a specific phenotype within the M1/M2 continuum. Despite facilitating inflammation, infected macrophages generally display abolished apoptosis and restricted cytopathic effect, which sustains the virus production. The majority of viruses discussed in this review employ monocytes/macrophages as a repository but certain viruses use these cells for productive replication. This review focuses on viral adaptations to enter monocytes/macrophages, immune escape, reprogramming of infected cells and the response of the host cells.	9.45267105102539	34.301422119140625	0
Molecular Sciences Review Flavivirus Replication Organelle Biogenesis in the Endoplasmic Reticulum: Comparison with Other Single-Stranded Positive-Sense RNA Viruses. Some single-stranded positive-sense RNA [ssRNA(+)] viruses, including Flavivirus, generate specific organelle-like structures in the host endoplasmic reticulum (ER). These structures are called virus replication organelles and consist of two distinct subdomains, the vesicle packets (VPs) and the convoluted membranes (CMs). The VPs are clusters of small vesicle compartments and are considered to be the site of viral genome replication. The CMs are electron-dense amorphous structures observed in proximity to the VPs, but the exact roles of CMs are mostly unknown. Several recent studies have revealed that flaviviruses recruit several host factors that are usually used for the biogenesis of other conventional organelles and usurp their function to generate virus replication organelles. In the current review, we summarize recent studies focusing on the role of host factors in the formation of virus replication organelles and discuss how these intricate membrane structures are organized.	0.24051912128925323	25.44280242919922	12
Molecular Sciences The Last Ten Years of Advancements in Plant-Derived Recombinant Vaccines against Hepatitis B. Disease prevention through vaccination is considered to be the greatest contribution to public health over the past century. Every year more than million children are vaccinated with the standard World Health Organization (WHO)-recommended vaccines including hepatitis B (HepB). HepB is the most serious type of liver infection caused by the hepatitis B virus (HBV), however, it can be prevented by currently available recombinant vaccine, which has an excellent record of safety and effectiveness. To date, recombinant vaccines are produced in many systems of bacteria, yeast, insect, and mammalian and plant cells. Among these platforms, the use of plant cells has received considerable attention in terms of intrinsic safety, scalability, and appropriate modification of target proteins. Research groups worldwide have attempted to develop more efficacious plant-derived vaccines for over diseases, most frequently HepB and influenza. More inspiring, approximately plant-made antigens have already been tested in clinical trials, with successful outcomes. In this study, the latest information from the last years on plant-derived antigens, especially hepatitis B surface antigen, approaches are reviewed and breakthroughs regarding the weak points are also discussed.	17.90199089050293	13.746493339538574	10
Molecular basis for the evolution of species-specific hemoglobin capture by pathogenic Staphylococcus 2. Metals are a limiting resource for pathogenic bacteria and must be scavenged from host proteins.	-13.271956443786621	33.25386428833008	8
Mono-ADP-ribosylation by ARTD10 restricts Chikungunya virus replication by interfering with the proteolytic activity of nsP2 4. A subset of intracellular mono-ADP-ribosyltransferases diphtheria toxin-like (ARTDs, aka mono-PARPs) is induced by type I interferons. Some of these mono-ARTDs feature antiviral activity while certain RNA viruses, including Chikungunya virus (CHIKV), encode mono-ADP-27 ribosylhydrolases, suggesting a role for mono-ADP-ribosylation (MARylation) in host-virus conflicts. CHIKV expresses four non-structural proteins (nsP1-nsP4), with nsP3 containing a macrodomain that hydrolyzes and thereby reverses protein MARylation in vitro and in cells. This de-MARylation activity is essential as hydrolase inactivating mutations result in replication defective virus. However, the substrates of MARylation during CHIKV infection are unknown and thus it is unclear how the macrodomain contributes to virus replication and how mono-ARTD-dependent MARylation confers antiviral immunity. We identified ARTD10 and ARTD12 as restriction factors for CHIKV replication in a catalytic activity-35 dependent manner. CHIKV replication requires processing of the non-structural polyprotein nsP1-4 by the nsP2-encoded protease and the assembly of the four individual nsPs into a functional replication complex. Expression of ARTD10 and ARTD12 resulted in a reduction of processed nsPs. Similarly, MAR hydrolase inactive CHIKV replicon mutants revealed a decrease in processed nsPs, comparable to an nsP2 protease defective mutant. This suggested that the macrodomain contributes to nsP2 protease activity. In support, a hydrolase-deficient virus was complemented by a protease-deficient virus. We hypothesized that MARylation regulates the proteolytic function of nsP2. Indeed, we found that nsP2 is MARylated by ARTD10. This inhibited nsP2 protease activity, thereby preventing polyprotein processing and consequently virus replication. This inhibition was antagonized by the MAR hydrolase activity of nsP3. Together, our findings provide a mechanistic explanation for the need of the viral MAR hydrolase for efficient replication of CHIKV. Author Summary Infectious diseases still pose major health threats. Especially fast evolving viruses find ever new strategies to manipulate the immune response. With climate warming and increased human mobility vector-borne pathogens like Chikungunya virus (CHIKV) spread and cause world-wide epidemics. Beyond the acute phase, CHIKV patients regularly suffer from chronic rheumatism. This entails a decline in life quality and an economic burden. To date no drugs are approved and the mode of pathogenesis remains elusive. Here we describe a mechanistic function of the CHIKV nsP3 macrodomain. We found that the viral nsP2 is mono-ADP-55 ribosylated interfering with its auto-proteolytic function. The nsP3 macrodomain removes this modification and restores the protease activity that is essential for replication. Because macrodomains are highly conserved they might represent broad antiviral targets. Introduction Upon viral infection host cells initiate an antiviral immune response. Because the regulation of protein function through post-translational modifications (PTMs) is among the quickest mechanisms to adapt to challenges such as viral infections, PTMs display an essential part of antiviral signaling. Viruses have developed multifaceted strategies to evade or even hijack cellular mechanisms, e.g. encoding proteins that regulate PTMs and thereby counteract the antiviral reaction of the host [1-5]. Recent findings have elaborated on the role of intracellular ADP-ribosylation at the host-pathogen interface [6-12]. ADP-ribosylation is an ancient PTM of proteins and intracellularly mainly catalyzed by members of the ADP-ribosyltransferase diphtheria toxin-like (ARTD) family (also known as poly-ADP-ribosylpolymerases (PARPs)), which is composed of seventeen proteins [1, 13]. These enzymes use NAD + as co-factor to transfer ADP-ribose onto a substrate protein with release of nicotinamide. Based on their . : bioRxiv preprint catalytic features the ARTDs are subdivided into three classes. The first class contains ARTD1, 2, 5, and 6, which are capable of transferring multiple ADP-ribose moieties in an iterative process and thereby forming long polymers. This results in poly-ADP-ribosylation (PARylation) of substrate proteins. The second and largest class is defined by members that are restricted to mono-ADP-ribosylation (MARylation) (ARTD3, 4,(7)(8)(9)(10)(11)(12)(14)(15)(16)(17), whereas the third group is defined by ARTD13, which lacks the ability to bind NAD + and thus is catalytically inactive [18]. PARylation, arguably best known for its function in DNA damage response, has also been linked to chromatin organization, ribosome biogenesis, telomere maintenance, signaling processes and cell death [1, 19, 20]. In contrast functions of MARylation are less well understood but expanding with links to DNA damage repair, gene expression, signaling, stress response and cell death [1, 21]. Recent findings indicate a role for MARylation in host-84 pathogen conflicts [1, 21, 22]. The expression of several mono-ARTDs is triggered by type I interferons (IFNs) or pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs), like LPS, as part of an innate immune response to pathogens [6, 8, 11,[23][24][25]. Among these mono-ARTDs are ARTD7, ARTD10 and ARTD12, which have been identified to mediate clearance of Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus (VEEV) by interfering with viral replication [7, 8]. In line with this, Zika virus replication is restricted by ARTD12 [26] . In addition to these molecular and cell-based studies, evolutionary analysis suggests a role for several ARTD family members at the host-pathogen interface, among them the macrodomain containing ARTDs (ARTD7-9) and ARTD13 [27]. Although catalytically inactive, the latter is best studied for being restrictive for viral replication by recognizing foreign CG-rich RNA through its Zinc finger domains [28, 29]. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0	-0.6607964634895325	29.99998664855957	12
Monoclonal antibodies for the S2 subunit of spike of SARS-CoV cross-react with the newly-emerged SARS-CoV-2.	9.820845603942871	16.93052101135254	4
More than efficacy revealed by single-cell analysis of antiviral therapeutics. Development of antiviral therapeutics emphasizes minimization of the effective dose and maximization of the toxic dose, first in cell culture and later in animal models. Long-term success of an antiviral therapeutic is determined not only by its efficacy but also by the duration of time required for drug-18 resistance to evolve. We have developed a microfluidic device comprised of ~6000 wells, with each well containing a microstructure to capture single cells. We have used this device to characterize enterovirus inhibitors with distinct mechanisms of action. In contrast to population methods, single-cell analysis reveals that each class of inhibitor interferes with the viral infection cycle in a manner that can	-4.608850479125977	12.259172439575195	11
Motivated by the rapid spread of a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Mainland China, we use a global metapopulation disease transmission model to project the impact of both domestic and international travel limitations on the national and international spread of the epidemic. The model is calibrated on the evidence of internationally imported cases before the implementation of the travel quarantine of Wuhan. By assuming a generation time of 7.5 days, the reproduction number is estimated to be 2.4 [90% CI 2.2-2.6]. The median estimate for number of cases before the travel ban implementation on January 23, is 58, [90% CI 40,471] in Wuhan and 3,491 [90% CI 1,924 -7,360] in other locations in Mainland China. The model shows that as of January 23, most Chinese cities had already received a considerable number of infected cases, and the travel quarantine delays the overall epidemic progression by only to days. The travel quarantine has a more marked effect at the international scale, where we estimate the number of case importations to be reduced by 80% until the end of February. Modeling results also indicate that sustained 90% travel restrictions to and from Mainland China only modestly affect the epidemic trajectory unless combined with a 50% or higher reduction of transmission in the community.	-7.858188152313232	-32.68803405761719	3
Mouse hepatitis virus nsp14 exoribonuclease activity is required for. Coronaviruses (CoV) are positive-sense RNA viruses that infect numerous mammalian and avian species and are capable of causing severe and lethal disease in humans. CoVs encode several innate immune antagonists that interact with the host innate immune response to facilitate efficient viral replication. CoV non-structural protein (nsp14) encodes 3'-to-5' exoribonuclease activity (ExoN), which performs a proofreading function and is required for high-fidelity replication. Outside of the order Nidovirales, arenaviruses are the only RNA viruses that encode an ExoN, which functions to degrade dsRNA replication intermediates. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that CoV ExoN may also function to antagonize the innate immune response. We demonstrate that viruses lacking ExoN activity [ExoN(-)] are sensitive to cellular pretreatment with interferon beta (IFN-β) in a dose-dependent manner. In addition, ExoN(-) virus replication was attenuated in wild-type bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMMs) and partially restored in interferon alpha/beta receptor deficient (IFNAR-/-) BMMs. ExoN(-) virus replication did not result in IFN-β gene expression, and in the presence of an IFN-β-mediated antiviral state, ExoN(-) viral RNA levels were not substantially reduced relative to untreated. However, ExoN(-36 ) virus generated from IFN-β pretreated cells had reduced specific infectivity and decreased relative fitness, suggesting that ExoN(-) virus generated during an antiviral state is less viable to establish a subsequent infection. Overall, our data suggest MHV ExoN activity is required for resistance to the innate immune response and antiviral mechanisms affecting the viral RNA sequence and/or an RNA modification act on viruses lacking ExoN activity.	-3.864549160003662	20.822586059570312	12
Mucin Protects Female Mice from Coronavirus Pathogenesis. Using incipient lines of the Collaborative Cross (CC), a murine genetic reference population, we previously identified a quantitative trait loci (QTL) associated with low SARS-CoV titer. In this study, we integrated sequence information and RNA expression of genes within the QTL to identify mucin (Muc4) as a high priority candidate for controlling SARS-CoV titer in the lung. To test this hypothesis, we infected Muc4 -/mice and found that female, but not male, Muc4 -/mice developed more weight loss and disease following infection with SARS-CoV. Female Muc4 -/mice also had more difficulty breathing despite reduced lung pathology; however, no change in viral titers was observed. Comparing across viral families, studies with chikungunya virus, a mosquito-borne arthralgic virus, suggests that Muc4's impact on viral pathogenesis may be widespread. Although not confirming the original titer QTL, our data identifies a role for Muc4 in the SARS-CoV disease and viral pathogenesis. Given the recent emergence of SARS-CoV-2, this work suggest that Muc4 expression plays a protective role in female mice not conserved in male mice following SARS-CoV infection. With the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak continuing, treatments that modulate or enhance Muc4 activity may provide an avenue for treatment and improved outcomes. In addition, the work highlights the importance of studying host factors including host genetics and biological sex as key parameters influencing infection and disease outcomes.	11.820489883422852	23.49129867553711	10
Multi-city modeling of epidemics using spatial networks: Application to 2019-nCov (COVID-19) coronavirus in India. The ongoing pandemic of 2019-nCov (COVID-19) coronavirus has made reliable epidemiological modeling an urgent necessity. Unfortunately, most of the existing models are either too fine-grained to be efficient or too coarse-grained to be reliable. Here we propose a computationally efficient hybrid approach that uses SIR model for individual cities which are in turn coupled via empirical transportation networks that facilitate migration among them. The treatment presented here differs from existing models in two crucial ways: first, self-consistent determination of coupling parameters so as to maintain the populations of individual cities, and second, the incorporation of distance dependent temporal delays in migration. We apply our model to Indian aviation as well as railway networks taking into account populations of more than cities. Our results project that through the domestic transportation, the significant population is poised to be exposed within days of the onset of epidemic. Thus, serious supervision of domestic transport networks is warranted even after restricting international migration. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-17.871475219726562	-15.043732643127441	2
Multimerization of HIV-1 integrase hinges on conserved SH3-docking platforms. New anti-AIDS treatments must be continually developed in order to overcome resistance mutations including those emerging in the newest therapeutic target, the viral integrase (IN). Multimerization of IN is functionally imperative and provides a forthcoming therapeutic target. Allosteric inhibitors of IN bind to non-catalytic sites and prevent correct multimerization not only restricting viral integration but also the assembly and maturation of viral particles. Here, we report an allosteric inhibitor peptide targeting an unexploited SH3-docking platform of retroviral IN. The crystal structure of the peptide in complex with the HIV-1 IN core domain reveals a steric interference that would inhibit conserved docking of SH3-containing domain with the core domain vital for IN multimerization, providing a template for the development of novel anti-IN allosteric inhibitors.	5.364869594573975	19.340835571289062	12
Multiplex Reverse-Transcription Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification Coupled with Cascade Invasive Reaction and Nanoparticle Hybridization for Subtyping of Influenza A Virus. year, methodologies for rapid and on-site detection of influenza viruses are urgently needed. LAMP is the most commonly used nucleic acid isothermal amplification technology suitable for on-site use. However, for multiplex LAMP, differentiation of the amplicons derived from multiple targets is still challengeable currently. Here we developed a multiplex RT-LAMP assay for simultaneous amplification of three prominent subtypes of influenza viruses (A/H5, A/H7 and 2009A/H1). The amplicons were further identified by cascade invasive reaction and nanoparticle hybridization in separate target-specific detection tubes (referred to as mRT-LAMP-IRNH). The analytic sensitivities of the assay are copies of RNA for all the three HA subtypes, and the specificity reached 100%. Clinical specimen analysis showed this assay had a combined sensitivity and specificity of 98.1% and 100%, respectively. Overall, the mRT-LAMP-IRNH assay can be used as a cost-saving method that utilizes a simple instrument to detect A/H5, A/H7, and 2009A/H1 influenza viruses, especially in resource-limited settings.	1.3636879920959473	-4.790165424346924	6
Multiplex logic processing isothermal diagnostic assays for an evolving virus. We have developed a generalizable 'smart molecular diagnostic' capable of accurate point-ofcare (POC) detection of variable nucleic acid targets. Our one-pot isothermal assay relies on multiplex execution of four loop-mediated isothermal amplification reactions, with primers that are degenerate and redundant, thereby increasing the breadth of targets while reducing the probability of amplification failure. An easy-to-read visual answer is computed directly by a multi-input Boolean OR gate signal transducer that uses degenerate strand exchange probes to assess any combination of amplicons. We demonstrate our platform by using the same assay to detect divergent Asian and African lineages of the evolving Zika virus (ZIKV), while maintaining selectivity against non-target viruses. Direct analysis of biological specimens proved possible, with virions / µl being directly detected in human saliva within minutes, and crudely macerated ZIKV-infected Aedes aegypti mosquitoes being identified with 100% specificity and sensitivity. The ease-of-use with minimal instrumentation, broad programmability, and built-in fail-safe reliability make our smart molecular diagnostic attractive for POC use. While point-of-care (POC) diagnostic assays can be performed at or near the site of sample acquisition, they have for the most part been considered to be relatively simplistic tests that provide relatively little information to a clinician or public health worker. Familiar examples include electrochemical sensors for glucose, or rapid immunoassays for metabolites such as human chorionic gonadotropin (the canonical pregnancy test), and pathogens, either directly (influenza viruses) or via immune responses (antibodies against HIV-1/2). The range of conditions and pathogens that could be tested for could likely be greatly expanded by developing POC diagnostics for nucleic acids that would have greater sensitivity and accuracy. However, the current gold standard for molecular diagnostics, the quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR), requires significant technical expertise and expensive and cumbersome equipment. Even portable instruments, such the Cepheid GeneXpert Omni, cost several thousand dollars and rely on expensive qPCR cartridge consumables for individual tests.	-1.652357578277588	-3.975332498550415	6
Multivariate Analyses of Codon Usage of SARS-CoV-2 and other betacoronaviruses.	6.774447441101074	13.257315635681152	1
Mutation of Ebola virus VP35 Ser129 uncouples interferon antagonist and replication functions. Ebolaviruses are non-segmented, negative-sense RNA viruses (NNSVs) within the order Mononegavirales that possess the multifunctional virion protein (VP35), a major determinant of virulence and pathogenesis that is indispensable for viral replication and host innate immune evasion. VP35 is functionally equivalent to the phosphoprotein (P) of other mononegaviruses such as rhabdoviruses and paramyxoviruses. Phosphorylation of the P protein is universally regarded as functionally important however, a regulatory role(s) of phosphorylation on VP35 function remains unexplored. Here, we identified a highly conserved Ser129 residue near the homo-oligomerization coiled coil motif, which is essential for VP35 functions. Affinity-purification MS followed by post-translational modification (PTM) analysis predicted phosphorylation of Ser129. Co-immunoprecipitation, cross-linking, and biochemical characterization studies revealed a moderately decreased capacity of VP35-S129A to oligomerize. Functional analysis showed that Ser-to-Ala substitution of Ebola virus (EBOV) VP35 did not affect IFN inhibitory activity but nearly abolished EBOV minigenome activity. Further coimmunoprecipitation studies demonstrated a lost interaction between VP35-S129A and the amino terminus of the viral polymerase but not between viral nucleoprotein (NP) or VP35-WT. Taken together, our findings provide evidence that phosphorylation modulates VP35 function, supporting VP35 as a NNSV P protein and providing a potentially valuable therapeutic target. Importance Ebola virus (EBOV) can cause severe disease in humans. The 2013-2016 West African epidemic and the two recent outbreaks in the Democratic Republic of the Congo underscore the urgent need for effective countermeasures, which remain lacking. A better understanding of EBOV biology and the modulation of multifunctional viral proteins is desperately needed to develop improved therapeutics. We provide evidence here that function of virion protein (VP35) is modulated by phosphorylation of Ser129, a conserved residue among other ebolavirus species. These findings shed light on EBOV biology and present a potential target for broad acting anti-ebolavirus therapeutics.	1.5581680536270142	27.03277015686035	12
MyD88-dependent influx of monocytes and neutrophils impairs lymph node B cell responses to chikungunya virus infection via Irf5, Nos2 and Nox2. Humoral immune responses initiate in the lymph node draining the site of viral infection (dLN). Some viruses subvert LN B cell activation; however, our knowledge of viral hindrance of B cell responses of important human pathogens is lacking. Here, we define mechanisms whereby chikungunya virus (CHIKV), a mosquito-transmitted RNA virus that causes outbreaks of acute and chronic arthritis in humans, hinders dLN antiviral B cell responses. Infection of WT mice with pathogenic, but not acutely cleared CHIKV, induced MyD88dependent recruitment of monocytes and neutrophils to the dLN. Blocking this influx improved lymphocyte accumulation, dLN organization, and CHIKV-specific B cell responses. Both inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and the phagocyte NADPH oxidase (Nox2) contributed to impaired dLN organization and function. Infiltrating monocytes expressed iNOS through a local IRF5-and IFNAR1-dependent pathway that was partially TLR7-dependent. Together, our data suggest that pathogenic CHIKV triggers the influx and activation of monocytes and neutrophils in the dLN that impairs virus-specific B cell responses. Elucidating mechanisms by which viruses subvert B cell immunity and establish persistent infection is essential for the development of new therapeutic strategies against chronic viral infections. The humoral immune response initiates in the lymph node draining the site of viral infection. However, how persistent viruses evade B cell responses is poorly PLOS Pathogens |	8.040260314941406	38.88609313964844	0
Mycroft-West et al. (2020) Running title: SARS-CoV-2 surface S1 Receptor Binding Domain binds heparin The coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) surface protein (Spike) S1 Receptor Binding Domain undergoes conformational change upon heparin binding. Many pathogens take advantage of the dependence of the host on the interaction of hundreds of extracellular proteins with the glycosaminoglycans heparan sulfate to regulate homeostasis and use heparan sulfate as a means to adhere and gain access to cells. Moreover, mucosal epithelia such as that of the respiratory tract are protected by a layer of mucin polysaccharides, which are usually sulfated. Consequently, the polydisperse, natural products of heparan sulfate and the allied polysaccharide, heparin have been found to be involved and prevent infection by a range of viruses including S-associated coronavirus strain HSR1. Here we use surface plasmon resonance and circular dichroism to measure the interaction between the SARS-CoV-2 Spike S1 protein receptor binding domain (SARS-CoV-2 S1 RBD) and heparin. The data demonstrate an interaction between the recombinant surface receptor binding domain and the polysaccharide. This has implications for the rapid development of a first-line therapeutic by repurposing heparin and for next-generation, tailor-made, GAG-based antivirals.	7.079721927642822	20.352096557617188	12
Myricitrin Protects Cardiomyocytes from Hypoxia/Reoxygenation Injury: Involvement of Heat Shock Protein 90. Modulation of oxidative stress is therapeutically effective in ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury. Myricitrin, a naturally occurring phenolic compound, is a potent antioxidant. However, little is known about its effect on I/R injury to cardiac myocytes. The present study was performed to investigate the potential protective effect of myricitrin against hypoxia/reoxygenation (H/R)-induced H9c2 cardiomyocyte injury and its underlying mechanisms. Myricitrin pretreatment improved cardiomyocyte viability, inhibited ROS generation, maintained the mitochondrial membrane potential, reduced apoptotic cardiomyocytes, decreased the caspase-3 activity, upregulated antiapoptotic proteins and downregulated proapoptotic proteins during H/R injury. Moreover, the potential targets of myricitrin was predicted using Discovery Studio software, and heat shock protein (Hsp90) was identified as the main disease-related target. Further mechanistic investigation revealed that 17-AAG, a pharmacologic inhibitor of Hsp90, significantly blocked the myricitrin-induced cardioprotective effect demonstrated by increased apoptosis and ROS generation. These results suggested that myricitrin provides protection to H9c2 cardiomyocytes against H/R-induced oxidative stress and apoptosis, most likely via increased expression of Hsp90.	1.253188967704773	39.6273193359375	0
Nanopore target sequencing for accurate and comprehensive detection of SARS-CoV-2 and other respiratory viruses Introduction 38. The ongoing novel coronavirus pneumonia COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan, China, has engendered numerous cases of infection and death. COVID-19 diagnosis relies upon nucleic acid detection; however, current recommended methods exhibit high false-negative rates, low sensitivity, and cannot identify other respiratory virus infections, thereby resulting patient misdiagnosis and impeding epidemic containment. Combining the advantages of target amplification and long-read, real-time nanopore sequencing, we developed nanopore target sequencing (NTS) to detect SARS-30	0.37297049164772034	-1.841042160987854	1
National Key Basic Research Program of China (2007CB512401), the Major Program of National Natural Science Foundation of China (30930086) and the General Program of National Natural Science Foundation of China. The inhibitory receptor programmed death-1 (PD-1) has the capacity to maintain peripheral tolerance and limit immunopathological damage; however, its precise role in fulminant viral hepatitis (FH) has yet to be described. Here, we investigated the functional mechanisms of PD-1 as related to FH pathogenesis induced by the murine hepatitis virus strain-3 (MHV-3). High levels of PD-1-positive CD4 + , CD8 + T cells, NK cells and macrophages were observed in liver, spleen, lymph node and thymus tissues following MHV-3 infection. PD-1-deficient mice exhibited significantly higher expression of the effector molecule which initiates fibrinogen deposition, fibrinogen-like protein (FGL2), than did their wild-type (WT) littermates. As a result, more severe tissue damage was produced and mortality rates were higher. Fluorescence doublestaining revealed that FGL2 and PD-1 were not co-expressed on the same cells, while quantitative RT-PCR demonstrated that higher levels of IFN-c and TNF-a mRNA transcription occurred in PD-1-deficient mice in response to MHV-3 infection. Conversely, in vivo blockade of IFN-c and TNF-a led to efficient inhibition of FGL2 expression, greatly attenuated the development of tissue lesions, and ultimately reduced mortality. Thus, the up-regulation of FGL2 in PD-1-deficient mice was determined to be mediated by IFN-c and TNF-a. Taken together, our results suggest that PD-1 signaling plays an essential role in decreasing the immunopathological damage induced by MHV-3 and that manipulation of this signal might be a useful strategy for FH immunotherapy.	5.44931173324585	38.46812057495117	0
National Natural Science Foundation of China (81970071), the Special Project for Emergency of the Ministry of Science and Technology (2020YFC0841300), the Special Project of Guangdong Science and Technology Department. Background In December 2019, human infection with a novel coronavirus, known as SARS-CoV-2, was identified in Wuhan, China. The mortality of critical illness was high in Wuhan. Information about critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection outside of Wuhan is scarce. We aimed to provide the clinical features, treatment, and prognosis of the critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection in Guangdong Province. In this multi-centered, retrospective, observational study, we enrolled critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia who were admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) in Guangdong Province. Demographic data, symptoms, laboratory findings, comorbidities, treatments, and prognosis were collected. Data were compared between patients with and without intubation. Results Forty-five critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia were identified in ICUs in Guangdong Province. The mean age was 56.7 years, and patients (64.4%) were men. The most common symptoms at the onset of illness were high fever and cough. Majority of patients presented with lymphopenia and elevated lactate dehydrogenase. Treatment with antiviral drugs was initiated in all the patients. Thirty-seven patients (82.2%) had developed acute respiratory distress syndrome, and (28.9%) septic shock. A total of (44.4%) patients required intubation and (20%) required extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. As of February th 2020, only one patient (2.2%) had died and half of them had discharged of ICU. Conclusions Infection with SARS-CoV-2 in critical illness is characterized by fever, lymphopenia, acute respiratory failure and multiple organ dysfunction. Compared with critically ill patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 in Wuhan, the mortality of critically ill patients in Guangdong Province was relatively low. These data provide some general understandings and experience for the critical patients with SARS-CoV-2 outside of Wuhan.	15.169441223144531	-16.211076736450195	7
National Science and Technology Major Project (No. 2017ZX10204401); National Natural Science Foundation of China. Administration of convalescent plasma may be of clinical benefit for treatment of severe acute viral respiratory infections. However, no clear evidence exists to support or oppose convalescent plasma use in clinical practice. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the evidence of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in the convalescent plasma for the treatment of severe influenza. Healthcare databases were searched in February 2020. All records were screened against the eligibility criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessments were undertaken. The primary outcome was case-fatality rates by influenza. We identified RCTs of severe influenza. The pooled analyses showed no evidence for a reduction in mortality (Odds Ratio (OR) 1.06; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51-2.23; p = 0.87; I = 35%). We also found non-significant reductions in days in ICU and hospital, and days on mechanical ventilation. There seemed to have a biological benefit of increasing HAI titer levels and decreasing influenza B virus loads and cytokines after convalescent plasma treatment. No serious adverse events was reported between two groups. Studies were commonly of low risk of bias with high quality. Convalescent plasma appears safe but may not reduce mortality in severe influenza. This therapy should be studied within the context of a well-designed clinical trial for treatment of SARS-Cov-2 infection. CR, Convalescent Plasma Study G. The effectiveness of convalescent plasma and hyperimmune immunoglobulin for the treatment of severe acute respiratory infections of viral etiology: a systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis. J Infect Dis 2015; 211: 80-90.	16.313505172729492	-28.24387550354004	7
Neglected Zoonotic Diseases-The Long and Winding Road to Advocacy. Background: Years of advocacy for the neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) have focused the world's attention on these diseases of the poor, resulting most recently in the ''London Declaration'' and the recent World Health Assembly Resolution WHA66.12 on NTDs in May 2013. Control of the endemic neglected zoonotic diseases (NZDs) would benefit from a similar campaign, which needs the support of a global community.	-18.02040672302246	-32.59235382080078	2
Network-based Drug Repurposing for Human Coronavirus. Human Coronaviruses (HCoVs), including severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), Middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), and novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), lead global epidemics with high morbidity and mortality. However, there are currently no effective drugs targeting 2019-nCoV. Drug repurposing, represented as an effective drug discovery strategy from existing drugs, could shorten the time and reduce the cost compared to de novo drug discovery. In this study, we present an integrative, antiviral drug repurposing methodology implementing a systems pharmacology-based network medicine platform, quantifying the interplay between the HCoV-host interactome and drug targets in the human protein-protein interaction network. Phylogenetic analyses of HCoV whole genomes reveal that 2019-nCoV has the highest nucleotide sequence identity with SARS-CoV (79.7%) among the six other known pathogenic HCoVs. Specifically, the envelope and nucleocapsid proteins of 2019-nCoV are two evolutionarily conserved regions, having the sequence identities of 96% and 89.6%, respectively, compared to SARS-CoV. Using network proximity analyses of drug targets and known HCoV-host interactions in the human protein-protein interactome, we computationally identified putative repurposable drugs for the potential prevention and treatment of HCoVs. In addition, we prioritized potential anti-HCoV repurposable drugs (including melatonin, mercaptopurine, and sirolimus) that were further validated by enrichment analyses of drug-gene signatures and HCoV-induced transcriptomics data in human cell lines. Finally, we showcased three potential drug combinations (including sirolimus plus dactinomycin, mercaptopurine plus melatonin, and toremifene plus emodin) captured by . CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	14.670075416564941	12.940169334411621	4
Neurological Manifestations of Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China: a retrospective case series study. To study the neurological manifestations of patients with coronavirus disease . DESIGN Retrospective case series Three designated COVID-19 care hospitals Two hundred fourteen hospitalized patients with laboratory confirmed diagnosis of severe acute respiratory syndrome from coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infection. Data were collected from January to February 2020. Clinical data were extracted from electronic medical records and reviewed by a trained team of physicians. Neurological symptoms fall into three categories: central nervous system (CNS) symptoms or diseases (headache, dizziness, impaired consciousness, ataxia, acute cerebrovascular disease, and epilepsy), peripheral nervous system (PNS) symptoms (hypogeusia, hyposmia, hypopsia, and neuralgia), and skeletal muscular symptoms. Data of all neurological symptoms were checked by two trained neurologists. Of patients studied, (41.1%) were severe and (58.9%) were non-severe patients. Compared with non-severe patients, severe patients were older (58.7 ± 15.0 years vs 48.9 ± 14.7 years), had more underlying disorders (42 [47.7%] vs the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is . doi: medRxiv preprint [32.5%]), especially hypertension (32 [36.4%] vs [15.1%]), and showed less typical symptoms such as fever (40 [45.5%] vs [73%]) and cough (30 [34.1%] vs [61.1%]). Seventy-eight (36.4%) patients had neurologic manifestations. More severe patients were likely to have neurologic symptoms (40 [45.5%] vs [30.2%]), such as acute cerebrovascular diseases (5 [5.7%] vs [0.8%]), impaired consciousness (13 [14.8%] vs [2.4%]) and skeletal muscle injury (17 [19.3%] vs [4.8%]).	21.0625	-21.9510498046875	9
Neuronal CCL2 expression drives inflammatory monocyte infiltration into the brain during acute virus infection. Background: Viral encephalitis is a dangerous compromise between the need to robustly clear pathogen from the brain and the need to protect neurons from bystander injury. Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus (TMEV) infection of C57Bl/6 mice is a model of viral encephalitis in which the compromise results in hippocampal damage and permanent neurological sequelae. We previously identified brain infiltrating inflammatory monocytes as the primary driver of this hippocampal pathology, but the mechanisms involved in recruiting these cells to the brain were unclear. Methods: Chemokine expression levels in the hippocampus were assessed by microarray, ELISA, RT-PCR, and immunofluorescence. Monocyte infiltration during acute TMEV infection was measured by flow cytometry. CCL2 levels were manipulated by immunodepletion and by specific removal from neurons in mice generated by crossing a line expressing the Cre recombinase behind the synapsin promoter to animals with floxed CCL2. Results: Inoculation of the brain with TMEV induced hippocampal production of the proinflammatory chemokine CCL2 that peaked at hours postinfection, whereas inoculation with UV-inactivated TMEV did not elicit this response. Immunofluorescence revealed that hippocampal neurons expressed high levels of CCL2 at this timepoint. Genetic deletion of CCR2 and systemic immunodepletion of CCL2 abrogated or blunted the infiltration of inflammatory monocytes into the brain during acute infection. Specific genetic deletion of CCL2 from neurons reduced serum and hippocampal CCL2 levels and inhibited inflammatory monocyte infiltration into the brain. Conclusions: We conclude that intracranial inoculation with infectious TMEV rapidly induces the expression of CCL2 in neurons, and this cellular source is necessary for CCR2-dependent infiltration of inflammatory monocytes into the brain during the most acute stage of encephalitis. These findings highlight a unique role for neuronal production of chemokines in the initiation of leukocytic infiltration into the infected central nervous system.	8.495375633239746	37.92579650878906	0
Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio Predicts Severe Illness Patients with Novel Coronavirus in the Early Stage. Background: Severe ill patients with novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) infection progressed rapidly to acute respiratory failure. We aimed to select the most useful prognostic factor for severe illness incidence. Methods: The study prospectively included patients with 2019-nCoV infection treated at Beijing Ditan Hospital from January 13, to January 31, 2020. Prognostic factor of severe illness was selected by the LASSO COX regression analyses, to predict the severe illness probability of 2019-CoV pneumonia. The predictive accuracy was evaluated by concordance index, calibration curve, decision curve and clinical impact curve. Results: The neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) was identified as the independent risk factor for severe illness in patients with 2019-nCoV infection. The NLR had a cindex of 0.807 (95% confidence interval, 0.676-0.38), the calibration curves fitted well, the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	11.716178894042969	-21.59044647216797	7
No more business as usual: agile and effective responses to emerging pathogen threats require open data and open analytics Authors and contributions. 5,6 , usegalaxy.be 7,8 and hyphy.org development teams	-9.399078369140625	-6.374751091003418	6
Non-uniform refinement: Adaptive regularization improves single particle cryo-EM reconstruction. Single particle cryo-EM is a powerful method for studying proteins and other biological macromolecules. Many of these molecules comprise regions with varying structural properties including disorder, flexibility, and partial occupancy. These traits make computational 3D reconstruction from 2D images challenging. Detergent micelles and lipid nanodiscs, used to keep membrane proteins in solution, are common examples of locally disordered structures that can negatively affect existing iterative refinement algorithms which assume rigidity (or spatial uniformity). We introduce a cross-validation approach to derive non-uniform refinement, an algorithm that automatically regularizes 3D density maps during iterative refinement to account for spatial variability, yielding dramatically improved resolution and 3D map quality. We find that in common iterative refinement methods, regularization using spatially uniform filtering operations can simultaneously over-and under-regularize local regions of a 3D map. In contrast, non-uniform refinement removes noise in disordered regions while retaining signal useful for aligning particle images. Our results include state-of-the-art resolution 3D reconstructions of multiple membrane proteins with molecular weight as low as 90kDa. These results demonstrate that higher resolutions and improved 3D density map quality can be achieved even for small membrane proteins, an important use case for single particle cryo-EM, both in structural biology and drug discovery. Non-uniform refinement is implemented in the cryoSPARC software package and has already been used successfully in several notable structural studies.	-16.780935287475586	-0.6522472500801086	6
Noroviruses subvert the core stress granule component G3BP1 to promote viral VPg-dependent translation. Knowledge of the host factors required for norovirus replication has been hindered by the challenges associated with culturing human noroviruses. We have combined proteomic analysis of the viral translation and replication complexes with a CRISPR screen, to identify host factors required for norovirus infection. The core stress granule component G3BP1 was identified as a host factor essential for efficient human and murine norovirus infection, demonstrating a conserved function across the Norovirus genus. Furthermore, we show that G3BP1 functions in the novel paradigm of viral VPg-dependent translation initiation, contributing to the assembly of translation complexes on the VPg-linked viral positive sense RNA genome by facilitating 40S recruitment. Our data suggest that G3BP1 functions by providing viral RNA a competitive advantage over capped cellular RNAs, uncovering a novel function for G3BP1 in the life cycle of positive sense RNA viruses and identifying the first host factor with pan-norovirus pro-viral activity.	1.7167470455169678	28.003536224365234	12
Nosocomial Epidemiology in Patients with Hematological Disorders. Respiratory viruses are a cause of upper respiratory tract infections (URTI), but can be associated with severe lower respiratory tract infections (LRTI) in immunocompromised patients. The objective of this study was to investigate the genetic variability of influenza virus, parainfluenza virus and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and the duration of viral shedding in hematological patients. Nasopharyngeal swabs from hematological patients were screened for influenza, parainfluenza and RSV on admission as well as on development of respiratory symptoms. Consecutive swabs were collected until viral clearance. Out of tested patients, a total of patients (17%) were infected with one of the investigated viral agents: with influenza, with parainfluenza and with RSV; six patients had influenza/RSV or parainfluenza/RSV co-infections. The majority of infected patients (n = 75/111) underwent stem cell transplantation (42 autologous, allogeneic, autologous and allogeneic). LRTI was observed in patients, of whom patients developed severe LRTI, and patients with respiratory tract infection died. Phylogenetic analysis revealed a variety of influenza A (H1N1)pdm09, A(H3N2), influenza B, parainfluenza and RSV A, B viruses. RSV A was detected in patients, RSV B in ten patients. The newly emerging RSV A genotype ON1 predominated in the study cohort and was found in (75%) of RSV-infected patients. Furthermore, two distinct clusters were detected for RSV A genotype ON1, identical RSV G gene sequences in these patients are consistent with nosocomial transmission. Long-term viral shedding for more than days was significantly associated with prior allogeneic transplantation (p = 0.01) and was most pronounced in patients with RSV infection (n = 16) with a median duration of viral shedding for days (range 35-334 days). Long-term shedding of respiratory viruses might be a catalyzer of nosocomial transmission and must be considered for efficient infection control in immunocompromised patients.	16.129535675048828	-11.201302528381348	7
Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Knowledge and Perceptions: A Survey of Healthcare Workers. Background: During the first week of March, the surge of coronavirus disease cases reached over countries with more than 100,000 cases. Healthcare authorities have already initiated awareness and preparedness activities beyond borders. A poor understanding of the disease among healthcare workers (HCWs) may result in delayed treatment and the rapid spread of infection. This study aimed to investigate the knowledge and perceptions of HCWs about COVID-19. A cross-sectional, web-based study was conducted among HCWs about COVID-19 during the first week of March 2020. A 23-item survey instrument was developed and distributed randomly to HCWs using social media; it required minutes to complete. A chisquare test was used to investigate the level of association among variables at the significance level of p<0.05. Of participants, a total of HCWs completed the survey (response rate: 85.6%); 51.6% were males, 32.1% were aged 25-34 years, and most were doctors (30.2%) and medical students (29.6%). Regarding COVID-19, most of the participants used social media to obtain information (61%), and a significant proportion of HCWs had poor knowledge of its transmission (61%) and symptom onset (63.6%) and showed positive perceptions of COVID-19 prevention and control. Factors such as age and profession were associated with inadequate knowledge and poor perception of COVID-19. As the global threat of COVID-19 continues to emerge, it is critical to improve the knowledge and perceptions of HCWs. Educational interventions are urgently needed to reach HCWs beyond borders, and further studies are warranted.	-16.519832611083984	-40.07099914550781	2
Novel Coronavirus can be detected in urine, blood, anal swabs and oropharyngeal swabs samples. We tested samples collected from nine patients diagnosed with coronavirus disease (COVID-19). The virus was found in urine, blood, anal swabs and oropharyngeal swabs. It is the first time for SARS-CoV-2 found in urine, though no urinary irritation was found.	10.72916316986084	-9.787748336791992	7
Novel Immunoglobulin Domain Proteins Provide Insights into Evolution and Pathogenesis Mechanisms of SARS-Related Coronaviruses. A novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is the causative agent of an emergent severe respiratory disease in humans that is threatening to result in a global health crisis. By using genomic, sequence, structural and evolutionary analysis, we show that Alpha-and Beta-CoVs possess several novel families of immunoglobulin (Ig) domain proteins, including ORF8 and ORF7a from SARS-related coronaviruses and two protein groups from certain Alpha-CoVs. Among them, ORF8 is distinguished in being rapidly evolving, possessing a unique insert and a hypervariable position among SARS-CoV-2 genomes in its predicted ligand-binding groove. We also uncover many Ig proteins from several metazoan viruses which are distinct in sequence and structure but share an architecture comparable to that of CoV Ig domain proteins. Hence, we propose that deployment of Ig domain proteins is a widely-used strategy by viruses, and SARS-CoV-2 ORF8 is a potential pathogenicity factor which evolves rapidly to counter the immune response and facilitate the transmission between hosts.	9.331628799438477	10.769606590270996	4
Novel and potent inhibitors targeting DHODH, a rate-limiting enzyme in de novo pyrimidine biosynthesis, are broad-spectrum antiviral against RNA viruses including newly emerged coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. Emerging and re-emerging RNA viruses occasionally cause epidemics and pandemics worldwide, such as the on-going outbreak of coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. Existing direct-acting antiviral (DAA) drugs cannot be applied immediately to new viruses because of virus-specificity, and the development of new DAA drugs from the beginning is not timely for outbreaks. Thus, host-targeting antiviral (HTA) drugs have many advantages to fight against a broad spectrum of viruses, by blocking the viral replication and overcoming the potential viral mutagenesis simultaneously. Herein, we identified two potent inhibitors of DHODH, S312 and S416, with favorable drug-like and pharmacokinetic profiles, which all showed broad-spectrum antiviral effects against various RNA viruses, including influenza A virus (H1N1, H3N2, H9N2), Zika virus, Ebola virus, and particularly against the recent novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. Our results are the first to validate that DHODH is an attractive host target through high antiviral efficacy in vivo and low virus replication in DHODH knocking-out cells. We also proposed the drug combination of DAA and HTA was a promising strategy for anti-virus treatment and proved that S312 showed more advantageous than Oseltamivir to treat advanced influenza diseases in severely infected animals. Notably, S416 is reported to be the most potent inhibitor with an EC50 of 17nM and SI value >5882 in SARS-CoV-2-infected cells so far. This work demonstrates that both our self-designed candidates and old drugs (Leflunomide/Teriflunomide) with dual actions of antiviral and immuno-repression may have clinical potentials not only to influenza but also to	13.89421272277832	14.945480346679688	4
Novel ionophores active against La Crosse virus identified through rapid antiviral screening 3. Bunyaviruses are significant human pathogens, causing diseases ranging from hemorrhagic fevers to encephalitis. Among these viruses, La Crosse virus (LACV), a member of the California serogroup, circulates in the eastern and midwestern United States. While LACV infection is often asymptomatic, dozens of cases of encephalitis are reported yearly. Unfortunately, no antivirals have been approved to treat LACV infection. Here, we developed a method to rapidly test potential antivirals against LACV infection. From this screen, we identified several potential antiviral molecules, including known antivirals. Additionally, we identified many novel antivirals that exhibited antiviral activity without affecting cellular viability. Valinomycin, a potassium ionophore, was among our top targets. We found that valinomycin exhibited potent anti-LACV activity in multiple cell types in a dose-dependent manner. Valinomycin did not affect particle stability or infectivity, suggesting that it may preclude virus replication by altering cellular potassium ions, a known determinant of LACV entry. We extended these results to other ionophores and found that the antiviral activity of valinomycin extended to other viral families including bunyaviruses (Rift Valley fever virus, Keystone virus), enteroviruses (Coxsackievirus, rhinovirus), flavirivuses (Zika), and coronaviruses (229E and MERS-CoV). In all viral infections, we observed significant reductions in virus titer in valinomycin-treated cells. In sum, we demonstrate the importance of potassium ions to virus infection, suggesting a potential therapeutic target to disrupt virus replication. Importance No antivirals are approved for the treatment of bunyavirus infection. The ability to rapidly screen compounds and identify novel antivirals is one means to accelerate drug discovery for viruses with no approved treatments. We used this approach to screen hundreds of compounds against La Crosse virus, an emerging bunyavirus that causes significant disease, including encephalitis. We identified several known and previously unidentified antivirals. We focused on a potassium ionophore, valinomycin, due to its promising in vitro antiviral activity. We demonstrate that valinomycin, as well as a selection of other ionophores, exhibits activity against La Crosse virus as well as several other distantly related bunyaviruses. We finally observe that valinomycin has activity against a wide array of human viral pathogens, suggesting that disrupting potassium ion homeostasis with valinomycin may be a potent host pathway to target to quell virus infection.	13.469123840332031	20.651809692382812	10
Novel splicing and open reading frames revealed by long-read direct RNA sequencing of adenovirus transcripts 3. Adenovirus is a common human pathogen that relies on host cell processes for production and processing of viral RNA. Although adenoviral promoters, splice junctions, and cleavage and proteins by linking separate gene transcription units. Our work highlights how long-read sequencing technologies can reveal further complexity within viral transcriptomes. : bioRxiv preprint another multifunctional protein that can cooperate with E1A to alter cellular gene expression downstream of p53 as well as form the targeting component of a viral ubiquitin ligase [18][19][20][21][22][23]. The remaining early transcription units are all transcriptionally activated by E1A and encode for products of related function. The E2 region on the reverse strand of the AdV genome has both an early and a late promoter, as well as two distinct polyadenylation sites, leading to upstream E2A and downstream E2B transcripts [24]. E2A encodes for the viral DNA-binding protein (DBP), while alternative splicing to E2B encodes for the protein-priming terminal protein (pTP) as well as the AdV DNA polymerase (AdPol) [25][26][27]. The E3 region encoded on the top strand also has two	-4.347250461578369	24.36069679260254	8
Nowcasting by Bayesian Smoothing: A flexible, generalizable model for real-time epidemic tracking. Delays in case reporting are common to disease surveillance systems, making it difficult to track diseases in real-time. "Nowcast" approaches attempt to estimate the complete case counts for a given reporting date, using a time series of case reports that is known to be incomplete due to reporting delays. Modeling the reporting delay distribution is a common feature of nowcast approaches. However, many nowcast approaches ignore a crucial feature of infectious disease transmission-that future cases are intrinsically linked to past reported cases-and are optimized to a single application, which may limit generalizability. Here, we present a Bayesian approach, NobBS (Nowcasting by Bayesian Smoothing) capable of producing smooth and accurate nowcasts in multiple disease settings. We test NobBS on dengue in Puerto Rico and influenza-like illness (ILI) in the United States to examine performance and robustness across settings exhibiting a range of common reporting delay characteristics (from stable to timevarying), and compare this approach with a published nowcasting package. We show that introducing a temporal relationship between cases considerably improves performance when the reporting delay distribution is time-varying, and we identify trade-offs in the role of moving windows to accurately capture changes in the delay. We present software implementing this new approach (R package "NobBS") for widespread application. Achieving accurate, real-time estimates of disease activity is challenged by delays in case reporting. However, approaches that seek to estimate cases in spite of reporting delays often do not consider the temporal relationship between cases during an outbreak, nor do they identify characteristics of robust approaches that generalize to a wide range of surveillance contexts with very different reporting delays. Here, we present a smooth Bayesian nowcasting approach that produces accurate estimates that capture the time evolution of the epidemic curve and outperform a previous approach in the literature. We assess the performance for two diseases to identify important features of the reporting delay distribution that contribute to the model's performance and robustness across surveillance settings.	-18.159473419189453	-16.12468719482422	5
Nuclease escape elements protect messenger RNA against cleavage by multiple viral endonucleases 3.	-4.454964637756348	22.998716354370117	8
Nucleocapsid protein-dependent assembly of the RNA packaging signal of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus. Background: Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) consists of a positive-sense, single-stranded RNA genome and four structural proteins: the spike, envelope, membrane, and nucleocapsid protein. The assembly of the viral genome into virus particles involves viral structural proteins and is believed to be mediated through recognition of specific sequences and RNA structures of the viral genome. Methods and Results: A culture system for the production of MERS coronavirus-like particles (MERS VLPs) was determined and established by electron microscopy and the detection of coexpressed viral structural proteins. Using the VLP system, a 258-nucleotide RNA fragment, which spans nucleotides 19,712 to 19,969 of the MERS-CoV genome (designated PS258(19712-19969) ME ), was identified to function as a packaging signal. Assembly of the RNA packaging signal into MERS VLPs is dependent on the viral nucleocapsid protein. In addition, a 45-nucleotide stable stem-loop substructure of the PS258(19712-19969) ME interacted with both the N-terminal domain and the Cterminal domain of the viral nucleocapsid protein. Furthermore, a functional SARS-CoV RNA packaging signal failed to assemble into the MERS VLPs, which indicated virus-specific assembly of the RNA genome. Conclusions: A MERS-oV RNA packaging signal was identified by the detection of GFP expression following an incubation of MERS VLPs carrying the heterologous mRNA GFP-PS258(19712-19969) ME with virus permissive Huh7 cells. The MERS VLP system could help us in understanding virus infection and morphogenesis.	-1.257437825202942	21.593338012695312	12
Nucleotide Analogues as Inhibitors of SARS-CoV Polymerase. SARS-CoV-2, a member of the coronavirus family, has caused a global public health emergency. Based on our analysis of hepatitis C virus and coronavirus replication, and the molecular structures and activities of viral inhibitors, we previously reasoned that the FDA-approved heptatitis C drug EPCLUSA (Sofosbuvir/Velpatasvir) should inhibit coronaviruses, including SARS-CoV-2. Here, using model polymerase extension experiments, we demonstrate that the activated triphosphate form of Sofosbuvir is incorporated by low-fidelity polymerases and SARS-CoV RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp), and blocks further incorporation by these polymerases; the activated triphosphate form of Sofosbuvir is not incorporated by a host-like high-fidelity DNA polymerase. Using the same molecular insight, we selected two other anti-viral agents, Alovudine and AZT (an FDA approved HIV/AIDS drug) for evaluation as inhibitors of SARS-CoV RdRp. We demonstrate the ability of two HIV reverse transcriptase inhibitors, 3'fluoro-3'-deoxythymidine triphosphate and 3'-azido-3'-deoxythymidine triphosphate (the active triphosphate forms of Alovudine and AZT), to be incorporated by SARS-CoV RdRp where they also terminate further polymerase extension. Given the 98% amino acid similarity of the SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 RdRps, we expect these nucleotide analogues would also inhibit the SARS-CoV-2 polymerase. These results offer guidance to further modify these nucleotide analogues to generate more potent broad-spectrum anticoronavirus agents. The recent appearance of a new coronaviral infection, COVID-19, in Wuhan, China, and its worldwide spread, has made international headlines. Already more than 3,000 deaths have been ascribed to this virus, and COVID-19 has reached near pandemic status. The virus has been isolated from the lower respiratory tracts of patients with pneumonia, sequenced and visualized by electron microscopy. The virus, designated SARS-CoV-2, is a new member of the subgenus Sarbecovirus, in the Orthocoronavirinae subfamily, but is distinct from MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. The coronaviruses are single strand RNA viruses, sharing properties with other single-stranded RNA viruses such as hepatitis C virus (HCV), West Nile virus, Marburg virus, HIV virus, Ebola virus, dengue virus, and rhinoviruses. In particular, coronaviruses and HCV are both positive-sense single-strand RNA viruses, 3,4 and thus have a similar replication mechanism requiring a RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp). The coronavirus life cycle has been described. Briefly, the virus enters the cell by endocytosis, is uncoated, and ORF1a and ORF1b of the positive strand RNA is translated to produce nonstructural protein precursors, including a cysteine protease and a serine protease; these further cleave the precursors to form mature, functional helicase and RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. A replication-transcription complex is then . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 : bioRxiv preprint sequence of the primer and template used for this extension reaction is shown at the top of the figure. Polymerase extension reactions were performed by incubating UTP with pre-assembled SARS-CoV polymerase (nsp12, nsp7 and nsp8), the indicated RNA template and primer, and the appropriate reaction buffer, followed by detection of reaction products by MALDI-TOF MS. The detailed procedure is shown in the methods. The accuracy for m/z determination is ± Da.	0.4499179422855377	18.56362533569336	4
Nucleotide Analogues as Inhibitors of Viral Polymerases. Coronaviruses such as the newly discovered virus from Wuhan, China, 2019-nCoV, and the viruses that cause SARS and MERS, have resulted in regional and global public health emergencies. Based on our molecular insight that the hepatitis C virus and the coronavirus use a similar viral genome replication mechanism, we reasoned that the FDA-approved drug EPCLUSA (Sofosbuvir/Velpatasvir) for the treatment of hepatitis C will also inhibit the above coronaviruses, including 2019-nCoV. To develop broad spectrum anti-viral agents, we further describe a novel strategy to design and synthesize viral polymerase inhibitors, by combining the ProTide Prodrug approach used in the development of Sofosbuvir with the use of 3'-blocking groups that we have previously built into nucleotide analogues that function as polymerase terminators.	1.2231559753417969	18.115039825439453	4
Objective: To report a case of a patient who required tracheal intubation in a pediatric emergency department due to acute laryngitis and that, after the planned extubation, has successfully used the high-flow nasal cannula, which possibly prevented extubation failure. Case description: A male 8-month-old child was admitted to the pediatric emergency room with acute respiratory distress due to a high airway obstruction secondary to severe acute laryngitis. He was immediately intubated and referred to the pediatric intensive care unit. He presented extubation failure due to a significant laryngeal edema evidenced by bronchoscopy. In the second attempt to extubate, he presented respiratory distress, but, after the use of the high-flow nasal cannula, he became stable, reducing the heart and respiratory frequencies, and the extubation was successful. Comments: The use of the high-flow nasal cannula was effective and presented good response in this patient with acute laryngitis, suggesting that it is a possible adjuvant for the treatment, avoiding worsening respiratory conditions and the need for reintubation. Canabal A, et al. Effect of postextubation high-flow nasal cannula vs noninvasive ventilation on reintubation and postextubation respiratory failure in high-risk patients: a randomized clinical trial.	24.05992889404297	-20.187355041503906	7
Ocular manifestations and clinical characteristics of cases of COVID-19 in China: A cross-sectional study. The novel coronavirus disease was first reported in Wuhan, China in December and is now pandemic all over the world. Previous study has reported several COVID-19 cases with conjunctivitis. However, the complete profiling of COVID-19 related ocular symptoms and diseases are still missing. We aim to investigate the ocular manifestations and clinical characteristics of COVID-19 patients. Methods: A total of five hundred and thirty-four patients were recruited at Mobile Cabin Hospital and Tongji Hospital. We collected information on demographic characteristics, exposure history, ocular symptoms, systemic concomitant symptoms, eye drop medication, eye protections, radiologic findings, and SARS-CoV-2 detection in nasopharyngeal swabs by RT-PCR from questionnaires and electronic medical records.	12.246787071228027	-13.874298095703125	7
On the Emergence of Cryptococcus gattii in the Pacific Northwest: Ballast Tanks, Tsunamis, and Black Swans. The appearance of Cryptococcus gattii in the North American Pacific Northwest (PNW) in was an unexpected and is still an unexplained event. Recent phylogenomic analyses strongly suggest that this pathogenic fungus arrived in the PNW approximately to decades ago. In this paper, we theorize that the ancestors of the PNW C. gattii clones arrived in the area by shipborne transport, possibly in contaminated ballast, and established themselves in coastal waters early in the 20th century. In 1964, a tsunami flooded local coastal regions, transporting C. gattii to land. The occurrence of cryptococcosis in animals and humans decades later suggests that adaptation to local environs took time, possibly requiring an increase in virulence and further dispersal. Tsunamis as a mechanism for the seeding of land with pathogenic waterborne microbes may have important implications for our understanding of how infectious diseases emerge in certain regions. This hypothesis suggests experimental work for its validation or refutation.	0.7112839221954346	-17.01752471923828	10
Open Access CD147 overexpression on synoviocytes in rheumatoid arthritis enhances matrix metalloproteinase production and invasiveness of synoviocytes. Macrophage-like synoviocytes and fibroblast-like synoviocytes (FLS) are known as the most active cells of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and are close to the articular cartilage in a position enabling them to invade the cartilage. Macrophage-like synoviocytes and FLS expression of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and their interaction has aroused great interest. The present article studied the expression of CD147, also called extracellular matrix metalloproteinase inducer, on monocytes/macrophages and FLS from RA patients and its potential role in enhancing MMPs and the invasiveness of synoviocytes. Expression of CD147 on FLS derived from RA patients and from osteoarthritis patients, and expression of CD147 on monocytes/macrophages from rheumatic synovial fluid and healthy peripheral blood were analyzed by flow cytometry. The levels of CD147, MMP-2 and MMP-9 mRNA in FLS were detected by RT-PCR. The role of CD147 in MMP production and the cells' invasiveness in vitro were studied by the co-culture of FLS with the human THP-1 cell line or monocytes/macrophages, by gel zymography and by invasion assay. The results showed that the expression of CD147 was higher on RA FLS than on osteoarthritis FLS and was higher on monocytes/macrophages from rheumatic synovial fluid than on monocytes/macrophages from healthy peripheral blood. RT-PCR showed that the expressions of CD147, MMP-2 and MMP-9 mRNA was higher in RA FLS than in osteoarthritis FLS. A significantly elevated secretion and activation of MMP-2 and MMP-9 were observed in RA FLS cocultured with differentiated THP-1 cells or RA synovial monocytes/macrophages, compared with those co-cultured with undifferentiated THP-1 cells or healthy control peripheral blood monocytes. Invasion assays showed an increased number of invading cells in the co-cultured RA FLS with differentiated THP-1 cells or RA synovial monocytes/macrophages. CD147 antagonistic peptide inhibited the MMP production and the invasive potential. Our studies demonstrated that the CD147 overexpression on monocytes/macrophages and FLS in RA patients may be responsible for the enhanced MMP secretion and activation and for the invasiveness of synoviocytes. These findings suggest that CD147 may be one of the important factors in progressive joint destruction of RA and that CD147 may be a potential therapeutic target in RA treatment.	11.17449951171875	42.29740905761719	0
Open Peer Review Evaluation of the Luminex xTAG Respiratory Viral Panel FAST v2 assay for detection of multiple respiratory viral pathogens in nasal and throat swabs in Vietnam [version 2; referees: approved]. Acute respiratory infections (ARI) are among the leading causes Background of hospitalization in children ≤5 years old. Rapid diagnostics of viral pathogens is essential to avoid unnecessary antibiotic treatment, thereby slowing down antibiotic-resistance. We evaluated the diagnostic performance of the Luminex xTAG Respiratory Viral Panel FAST v2 against viral specific PCR as reference assays for ARI in Vietnam. : Four hundred and forty two nose and throat swabs were collected in Methods viral transport medium, and were tested with Luminex xTAG Respiratory Viral Panel FAST v2. Multiplex RT-PCR and single RT-PCR were used as references. : Overall, sensitivity of the Luminex against reference assays was Results 91.8%, 95% CI 88.1-94.7 (270/294), whilst 112/6336 (1.8%, 95% CI, 1.4-2.1) of pathogens were detected by the Luminex, but not by reference assays. Frequency of pathogens detected by Luminex and reference assays was and 292, respectively. The diagnostic yield was 66.7% (295/442, 95%CI 62.1-71.1%) for the Luminex assay and 54.1% (239/442, 95% CI, 49.3-58.8%) for reference assays. The Luminex kit had higher yields for all viruses except influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, and human bocavirus. High agreements between both methods [mean (range): 0.91 (0.83-1.00)] were v2 PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 2. Williams BG, Gouws E, Boschi-Pinto C, et al. : Estimates of world-wide distribution of child deaths from acute respiratory infections. Lancet Infect Dis. 2002; 2(1): 25-32. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 3. Anders KL, Nguyen HL, Nguyen NM, et al. : Epidemiology and virology of acute respiratory infections during the first year of life: a birth cohort study in Vietnam. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2015; 34(4): 361-370. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 4. van Gageldonk-Lafeber AB, Heijnen ML, Bartelds AI, et al. : A case-control study of acute respiratory tract infection in general practice patients in The Netherlands. Clin Infect Dis. 2005; 41(4): 490-497. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 5. Chou CA, Lin TI, Chen YS, et al. : Comparisons of etiology and diagnostic tools of lower respiratory tract infections in hospitalized young children in Southern Taiwan in two seasons. J Microbiol Immunol Infect. 2016; 49(4): 539-545. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 6. Moesker FM, van Kampen JJ, van Rossum AM, et al. : Viruses as Sole Causative Agents of Severe Acute Respiratory Tract Infections in Children. PLoS One. 2016; 11(3): e0150776. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 7. Fujitsuka A, Tsukagoshi H, Arakawa M, et al. : A molecular epidemiological study of respiratory viruses detected in Japanese children with acute wheezing illness. BMC Infect Dis. 2011; 11: 168. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 8. Mishra P, Nayak L, Das RR, et al. : Viral Agents Causing Acute Respiratory Infections in Children under Five: A Study from Eastern India. Int J Pediatr. 2016; 2016; 7235482. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 9. Liao RS, Tomalty LL, Majury A, et al. : Comparison of viral isolation and multiplex real-time reverse transcription-PCR for confirmation of respiratory syncytial virus and influenza virus detection by antigen immunoassays. J Clin Microbiol. 2009; 47(3): 527-532. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 10. Advani S, Sengupta A, Forman M, et al. : Detecting respiratory viruses in asymptomatic children. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2012; 31(12): 1221-1226. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 11. Aguilar JC, Pérez-Breña MP, Garcia ML, et al. : Detection and identification of human parainfluenza viruses 1, 2, 3, and in clinical samples of pediatric patients by multiplex reverse transcription-PCR. J Clin Microbiol. 2000; 38(3): 1191-1195. PubMed Abstract | Free Full Text 12. Balada-Llasat JM, LaRue H, Kelly C, et al. : Evaluation of commercial ResPlex II v2.0, MultiCode-PLx, and xTAG respiratory viral panels for the diagnosis of respiratory viral infections in adults. J Clin Virol. 2011; 50(1): 42-45. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 13. Mahony JB, Blackhouse G, Babwah J, et al. : Cost analysis of multiplex PCR testing for diagnosing respiratory virus infections. J Clin Microbiol. 2009; 47(9): 2812-2817. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 14. Freymuth F, Vabret A, Cuvillon-Nimal D, et al. : Comparison of multiplex PCR assays and conventional techniques for the diagnostic of respiratory virus infections in children admitted to hospital with an acute respiratory illness. J Med Virol. 2006; 78(11): 1498-1504. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 15. Gadsby NJ, Hardie A, Claas EC, et al. : Comparison of the Luminex Respiratory Virus Panel fast assay with in-house real-time PCR for respiratory viral infection diagnosis. J Clin Microbiol. 2010; 48(6): 2213-2216. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 16. Popowitch EB, O'Neill SS, Miller MB: Comparison of the Biofire FilmArray RP, Genmark eSensor RVP, Luminex xTAG RVPv1, and Luminex xTAG RVP fast multiplex assays for detection of respiratory viruses. J Clin Microbiol. 2013; 51(5): 1528-1533. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 17. Pabbaraju K, Wong S, Tokaryk KL, et al. : Comparison of the Luminex xTAG respiratory viral panel with xTAG respiratory viral panel fast for diagnosis of respiratory virus infections. J Clin Microbiol. 2011; 49(5): 1738-1744. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 18. Salez N, Vabret A, Leruez-Ville M, et al. : Evaluation of Four Commercial Multiplex Molecular Tests for the Diagnosis of Acute Respiratory Infections. PLoS One. 2015; 10(6): e0130378. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 19. Choudhary ML, Anand SP, Tikhe SA, et al. : Comparison of the conventional multiplex RT-PCR, real time RT-PCR and Luminex xTAG ® RVP fast assay for the detection of respiratory viruses. J Med Virol. 2016; 88(1): 51-57. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 20. Rabaa MA, Tue NT, Phuc TM, et al. : The Vietnam Initiative on Zoonotic Infections (VIZIONS): A Strategic Approach to Studying Emerging Zoonotic Infectious Diseases. 2015; 12(4): 726-735. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 21. Do LA, van Doorn HR, Bryant JE, et al. : A sensitive real-time PCR for detection and subgrouping of human respiratory syncytial virus. J Virol Methods. 2012; 179(1): 250-255. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 22. Jansen RR, Schinkel J, Koekkoek S, et al. : Development and evaluation of a fourtube real time multiplex PCR assay covering fourteen respiratory viruses, and comparison to its corresponding single target counterparts. J Clin Virol. 2011; 51(3): 179-185. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 23. Chen JH, Lam HY, Yip CC, et al. : Clinical Evaluation of the New High-Throughput Luminex NxTAG Respiratory Pathogen Panel Assay for Multiplex Respiratory Pathogen Detection. J Clin Microbiol. 2016; 54(7): 1820-1825. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 24. Jokela P, Piiparinen H, Mannonen L, et al. : Performance of the Luminex xTAG Respiratory Viral Panel Fast in a clinical laboratory setting. J Virol Methods. 2012; 182(1-2): 82-86. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 25. Tang YW, Gonsalves S, Sun JY, et al. : Clinical Evaluation of the Luminex NxTAG Respiratory Pathogen Panel. J Clin Microbiol. 2016; 54(7): 1912-1914. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | Free Full Text 26. Beckmann C, Hirsch HH: Comparing Luminex NxTAG-Respiratory Pathogen Panel and RespiFinder-22 for multiplex detection of respiratory pathogens. J Med Virol. 2016; 88(8): 1319-1324. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text 27. Hang VTT, Ny NTH, Phuc TM, et al. : Dataset 1: Evaluation of the Luminex xTAG Respiratory Viral Panel FAST v2 assay for detection of multiple respiratory viral pathogens in nasal and throat swabs in Vietnam. Data Source	6.412778377532959	-13.481561660766602	7
Original Article Screening for Antiviral Activities of Isolated Compounds from Essential Oils. Essential oil of star anise as well as phenylpropanoids and sesquiterpenes, for example, trans-anethole, eugenol, β-eudesmol, farnesol, β-caryophyllene and β-caryophyllene oxide, which are present in many essential oils, were examined for their antiviral activity against herpes simplex virus type (HSV-1) in vitro. Antiviral activity was analyzed by plaque reduction assays and mode of antiviral action was determined by addition of the drugs to uninfected cells, to the virus prior to infection or to herpesvirusinfected cells. Star anise oil reduced viral infectivity by >99%, phenylpropanoids inhibited HSV infectivity by about 60-80% and sesquiterpenes suppressed herpes virus infection by 40-98%. Both, star anise essential oil and all isolated compounds exhibited anti-HSV-1 activity by direct inactivation of free virus particles in viral suspension assays. All tested drugs interacted in a dosedependent manner with herpesvirus particles, thereby inactivating viral infectivity. Star anise oil, rich in trans-anethole, revealed a high selectivity index of against HSV, whereas among the isolated compounds only β-caryophyllene displayed a high selectivity index of 140. The presence of β-caryophyllene in many essential oils might contribute strongly to their antiviral ability. These results indicate that phenylpropanoids and sesquiterpenes present in essential oils contribute to their antiviral activity against HSV.	16.98143196105957	36.58522415161133	11
Original Article. Background: New endemic disease has been spread across Wuhan City, China on December 2019. Within few weeks, the World Health Organization (WHO) announced a novel coronavirus designated as coronavirus disease . In late January 2020, WHO declared the outbreak of a "public-health emergency of international concern" due to the rapid and increasing spread of the disease worldwide. Currently, there is no vaccine or approved treatment for this emerging infection; thus the objective of this study is to design a multi epitope peptide vaccine against COVID-19 using immunoinformatics approach. Method: Several techniques facilitating the combination of immunoinformatics approach and comparative genomic approach were used in order to determine the potential peptides for designing the T cell epitopes-based peptide vaccine using the envelope protein of 2019-nCoV as a target. Results: Extensive mutations, insertion and deletion were discovered with comparative sequencing in COVID-19 strain. Additionally, ten peptides binding to MHC class I and MHC class II were found to be promising candidates for vaccine design with adequate world population coverage of 88.5% and 99.99%, respectively. Conclusion: T cell epitopes-based peptide vaccine was designed for COVID-19 using envelope protein as an immunogenic target. Nevertheless, the proposed vaccine is rapidly needed to be validated clinically in order to ensure its safety, immunogenic profile and to help on stopping this epidemic before it leads to devastating global outbreaks.	4.43587064743042	9.022568702697754	4
Original investigation Vicarious traumatization in the general public, members, and non-members of medical teams aiding in COVID-19 control. Since December 2019, more than 79,000 people have been diagnosed with infection of the Corona Virus Disease . A large number of medical staff were dispersed for Wuhan city and Hubei province to aid COVID-19 control. Psychological stress, especially vicarious traumatization (VT) caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, should not be ignored. To address this concern, the study employed a total of general public (GP) and nurses to evaluate VT scores via a mobile app-based questionnaire. Results showed that the VT scores slightly increased across periods of aiding COVID-19 control, although no statistical difference was noted (P = 0.083). However, the study found lower scores for VT in nurses [median = 69; interquartile range (IQR) = 56-85] than those of the GP (median = 75.5; IQR = 62-88.3) (P = 0.017). In addition, the VT scores for front-line nurses (FLNs; median = 64; IQR = 52-75), including scores for physiological and psychological responses, were significantly lower than those of non-front-line nurses (nFLNs; median = 75.5; IQR = 63-92) (P < 0.001). Interestingly, the VT scores of the GP were significantly higher than those of the FLNs (P < 0.001). However, no statistical difference was observed compared with those of nFLNs (P > 0.05). Importantly, nFLNs are more likely to suffer from VT, which might be related to two factors, namely, gender [odds ratio (OR) = 3.1717; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 4.247-18.808; P = 0.002] and fertility [OR = 2.072; 95%CI = 0.626-24.533; P = 0.039]. Therefore, increased attention should be paid to the psychological problems of the medical staff, especially nFLNs, and GP under the situation of the spread and control of COVID-19. Early strategies that aim . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 to prevent and treat VT in medical staff and GP are extremely necessary.	-13.638724327087402	-42.65508270263672	9
Outcome reporting from protocols of clinical trials of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19): a review. Databases of ICMJE-accepted clinical trial registry platform were searched on February 14, 2020. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and non-RCTs of COVID-19 were considered. Conditions of patients include common type, severe type or critical type. Interventions include traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) and Western medicine. We excluded trials that for discharged patients, psychological intervention and complications of COVID-19. The general information and outcomes, outcome measurement instruments and measurement times were extracted. The results were analysed by descriptive analysis. registry platforms were searched. A total of protocols were included from protocols. For protocols of TCM clinical trials, outcomes from outcome domains were reported, and almost half (34/76, 44.74%) of outcomes were reported only once; the most frequently reported outcome was time of SARS-CoV-2 RNA turns to negative. (27/76, 35.53%) outcomes were provided one or more outcome measurement instruments. outcomes were provided one or more measurement time frame. For protocols of western medicine clinical trials, outcomes from outcome domains were reported; almost half (62/126, 49.21%) of outcomes were reported only once; the most frequently reported outcome was proportion of patients with negative SARS-CoV-2. outcomes were provided one or more outcome measurement instruments. (40/126, 31.75%) outcomes were provided one or more measurement time frame. Outcome reporting in protocols of clinical trials of COVID-19 is inconsistent. Thus, developing a core outcome set is necessary.	15.081687927246094	-25.76215171813965	7
Outcomes of Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 Virus Infection: Results from Two International Cohort Studies. Background: Data from prospectively planned cohort studies on risk of major clinical outcomes and prognostic factors for patients with influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 virus are limited. In 2009, in order to assess outcomes and evaluate risk factors for progression of illness, two cohort studies were initiated: FLU in outpatients and FLU in hospitalized patients. Methods and Findings: Between October and December 2012, adults with influenza-like illness (ILI) were enrolled; outpatients were followed for days and inpatients for days. Disease progression was defined as hospitalization and/or death for outpatients, and hospitalization for .28 days, transfer to intensive care unit (ICU) if enrolled from general ward, and/or death for inpatients. Infection was confirmed by RT-PCR. FLU and FLU patients with influenza A (H1N1)pdm09 were enrolled from sites in countries at days (IQR 1-3) and days (IQR 4-10) following ILI onset, respectively. Disease progression was experienced by (1 death) outpatients (5.1%; 95% CI: 3.4-7.2%) and inpatients [death (32), hospitalization .28 days (43) or ICU transfer (20)] (21.6%; 95% CI: 17.5-26.2%). Disease progression (death) for hospitalized patients was 53.1% (26.6%) and 12.8% (3.8%), respectively, for those enrolled in the ICU and general ward. In pooled analyses for both studies, predictors of disease progression were age, longer duration of symptoms at enrollment and immunosuppression. Patients hospitalized during the pandemic period had a poorer prognosis than in subsequent seasons. Conclusions: Patients with influenza A(H1N1)pdm09, particularly when requiring hospital admission, are at high risk for disease progression, especially if they are older, immunodeficient, or admitted late in infection. These data reinforce the need for international trials of novel treatment strategies for influenza infection and serve as a reminder of the need to monitor the severity of seasonal and pandemic influenza epidemics globally.	18.764575958251953	-24.88503646850586	9
Overview of three influenza seasons in Georgia, 2014-2017. Influenza epidemiological and virologic data from Georgia are limited. We aimed to present Influenza Like Illness (ILI) and Severe Acute Respiratory Infection (SARI) surveillance data and characterize influenza viruses circulating in the country over three influenza seasons. We analyzed sentinel site ILI and SARI data for the 2014-2017 seasons in Georgia. Patients' samples were screened by real-time RT-PCR and influenza viruses isolated were characterized antigenically by haemagglutination inhibition assay and genetically by sequencing of HA and NA genes.	12.866952896118164	-9.840313911437988	7
Pangolin homology associated with 2019-nCoV. To explore potential intermediate host of a novel coronavirus is vital to rapidly control continuous COVID-19 spread. We found genomic and evolutionary evidences of the occurrence of 2019-nCoV-like coronavirus (named as Pangolin-CoV) from dead Malayan Pangolins. Pangolin-CoV is 91.02% and 90.55% identical at the whole genome level to 2019-nCoV and BatCoV RaTG13, respectively. Pangolin-CoV is the lowest common ancestor of 2019-nCoV and RaTG13. The S1 protein of Pangolin-CoV is much more closely related to 2019-nCoV than RaTG13. Five key amino-acid residues involved in the interaction with human ACE2 are completely consistent between Pangolin-CoV and 2019-9 nCoV but four amino-acid mutations occur in RaTG13. It indicates Pangolin-CoV has similar pathogenic potential to 2019-nCoV, and would be helpful to trace the origin and probable intermediate host of 2019-nCoV.	10.694474220275879	8.20262622833252	4
Pathogenesis of Lassa Fever. Lassa virus, an Old World arenavirus (family Arenaviridae), is the etiological agent of Lassa fever, a severe human disease that is reported in more than 100,000 patients annually in the endemic regions of West Africa with mortality rates for hospitalized patients varying between 5-10%. Currently, there are no approved vaccines against Lassa fever for use in humans. Here, we review the published literature on the life cycle of Lassa virus with the specific focus put on Lassa fever pathogenesis in humans and relevant animal models. Advancing knowledge significantly improves our understanding of Lassa virus biology, as well as of the mechanisms that allow the virus to evade the host's immune system. However, further investigations are required in order to design improved diagnostic tools, an effective vaccine, and therapeutic agents.	18.757766723632812	12.070058822631836	10
Pattern formation in multiplex networks OPEN. The advances in understanding complex networks have generated increasing interest in dynamical processes occurring on them. Pattern formation in activator-inhibitor systems has been studied in networks, revealing differences from the classical continuous media. Here we study pattern formation in a new framework, namely multiplex networks. These are systems where activator and inhibitor species occupy separate nodes in different layers. Species react across layers but diffuse only within their own layer of distinct network topology. This multiplicity generates heterogeneous patterns with significant differences from those observed in single-layer networks. Remarkably, diffusion-induced instability can occur even if the two species have the same mobility rates; condition which can never destabilize single-layer networks. The instability condition is revealed using perturbation theory and expressed by a combination of degrees in the different layers. Our theory demonstrates that the existence of such topology-driven instabilities is generic in multiplex networks, providing a new mechanism of pattern formation. Distributed active media support a variety of self-organized patterns, such as stationary and oscillatory structures, spiral waves, and turbulence 1-3 . Such media are often described by reaction-diffusion systems and consist of elements obeying an activator-inhibitor dynamics with local coupling. In his pioneering paper , Turing showed that a uniform steady state can be spontaneously destabilized, leading to a spontaneous formation of a periodic spatial pattern, when reacting species diffuse with different mobilities. It was later proposed by Gierer and Meinhardt that an activator-inhibitor chemical reaction is a typical example achieving Turing's scenario. Turing instability is a classical mechanism of self-organization far from equilibrium, and plays an important role in biological morphogenesis. It has been extensively studied in biological 4-6 and chemical systems, as well as real ecosystems 8, . The active elements can also be coupled in more complicated ways, forming complex networks 10,11 . Complex networks are ubiquitous in nature ; two typical examples are epidemics spreading over transportation systems and ecological systems where distinct habitats communicate through dispersal connections [14] [15] [16] [17] . Theoretical studies of reaction-diffusion processes on complex networks have recently attracted much attention 12,18-21 . Othmer and Scriven 22,23 developed the general mathematical framework to describe Turing instability in networks, and provided several examples of small regular lattices. Afterwards, Turing patterns were explored in small networks of chemical reactors 24,25 . More recent work in this area includes detailed studies of Turing bifurcation and related hysteresis phenomena in large complex networks 26, , and oscillatory Turing patterns in multi-species ecological networks . In nature, the active elements of a system can communicate through different types of pathways with different architecture. Such a system with multiple types of links can be represented as a special type of complex network called a multiplex network . Recent theoretical studies have shown that the spectral properties of multiplex networks are significantly different from those of single-layer networks 29-33 , and that these differences affect the diffusion processes occurring on the network 30,31 . Consequently, the emergent dynamics can exhibit new kinds of patterns. Examples include the breathing synchronization of cross-connected phase oscillators and the emergence of a metacritical point in epidemic	-11.678474426269531	-11.815973281860352	5
Patterns of Positive Selection in Six Mammalian Genomes. Genome-wide scans for positively selected genes (PSGs) in mammals have provided insight into the dynamics of genome evolution, the genetic basis of differences between species, and the functions of individual genes. However, previous scans have been limited in power and accuracy owing to small numbers of available genomes. Here we present the most comprehensive examination of mammalian PSGs to date, using the six high-coverage genome assemblies now available for eutherian mammals. The increased phylogenetic depth of this dataset results in substantially improved statistical power, and permits several new lineage-and clade-specific tests to be applied. Of ,16,500 human genes with high-confidence orthologs in at least two other species, genes showed significant evidence of positive selection (FDR,0.05), according to a standard likelihood ratio test. An additional genes showed evidence of positive selection on particular lineages or clades. As in previous studies, the identified PSGs were enriched for roles in defense/immunity, chemosensory perception, and reproduction, but enrichments were also evident for more specific functions, such as complement-mediated immunity and taste perception. Several pathways were strongly enriched for PSGs, suggesting possible co-evolution of interacting genes. A novel Bayesian analysis of the possible ''selection histories'' of each gene indicated that most PSGs have switched multiple times between positive selection and nonselection, suggesting that positive selection is often episodic. A detailed analysis of Affymetrix exon array data indicated that PSGs are expressed at significantly lower levels, and in a more tissuespecific manner, than non-PSGs. Genes that are specifically expressed in the spleen, testes, liver, and breast are significantly enriched for PSGs, but no evidence was found for an enrichment for PSGs among brain-specific genes. This study provides additional evidence for widespread positive selection in mammalian evolution and new genome-wide insights into the functional implications of positive selection.	-12.067850112915039	8.521872520446777	6
Perceived risk, anxiety, and behavioural responses of the general public during the early phase of the Influenza A (H1N1) pandemic in the Netherlands: results of three consecutive online surveys. Background: Research into risk perception and behavioural responses in case of emerging infectious diseases is still relatively new. The aim of this study was to examine perceptions and behaviours of the general public during the early phase of the Influenza A (H1N1) pandemic in the Netherlands. Methods: Two cross-sectional and one follow-up online survey (survey 1,	-18.191308975219727	-38.1888313293457	2
Perception of epidemic's related anxiety in the General French Population: a cross-sectional study in the Rhône-Alpes region. Background: To efficiently plan appropriate public health interventions during possible epidemics, governments must take into consideration the following factors about the general population: their knowledge of epidemics, their fears of and psychological responses to them, their level of compliance with government measures and their communities' trusted sources of information. However, such surveys among the French general population are rare. A cross-sectional study was conducted in in a representative sample of subjects living in the Rhône-Alpes region (south-east France) to investigate self-reported knowledge about infectious diseases and anxiety generated by epidemic risk with particular reference to avian influenza. Data on reactions to potentially new epidemics and the confidence level in various sources of information were also collected. Respondents were most knowledgeable about AIDS, followed by avian influenza. Overall, 75% of respondents had adequate knowledge of avian influenza. The percentage was even higher (88%) among inhabitants of the Ain district, where an avian influenza epidemic had previously been reported. However, 39% expressed anxiety about this disease. In total, 20% of respondents with knowledge about avian influenza stated that they had changed their behaviours during the epizooty. Epidemics were perceived as a real threat by 27% of respondents. In the event of a highly contagious outbreak, the majority of respondents said they would follow the advice given by authorities. The study population expressed a high level of confidence in physicians and scientists, but had strong reservations about politicians, deputies and the media.	-18.181793212890625	-39.893978118896484	2
Performance Evaluation of the Maxwell System for Extraction of Influenza Virus RNA from Diverse Samples. This study evaluated the performance of the Maxwell System (Promega) for extraction of influenza virus (flu-v) RNA from diverse samples compared to a classical manual method (QIAamp Kit, QIAGEN). Following extraction by the two methods, all samples were analyzed by Real-time RT-PCR. Results revealed that the use of the standard Maxwell protocol (Maxwell 16-S) resulted in good linearity and precision across a wide concentration range and higher sensitivity of detection from fluv stock suspensions than the manual method. Compared with the latter method, Maxwell 16-S extracted RNA more efficiently (higher RNA yield and/or fewer PCR inhibitors) from throat swabs and bronchoalveolar lavage fluids, while both methods performed comparably on fecal samples from human and poultry in terms of overall threshold cycle values and detection rates although the Maxwell 16-S co-purified more inhibitors from fecal samples. The capacity of this system to remove inhibitors from fecal matrix was improved by using a modified Maxwell protocol with a reduced sample input, which eliminated all false-negatives produced by the Maxwell 16-S. These findings suggest that the Maxwell System is suitable for RNA extraction from multiple-source samples for diagnosis of influenza and viral load determination and that a proper reduction in starting sample volume may improve the detection of flu-v from complex matrices such as feces. Additionally, this system allows flexible sample throughput and labor-saving sample processing with little or no risk of cross-contamination.	0.4122464060783386	-6.166607856750488	6
Permissiveness of human hepatoma cell lines for HCV infection. Background: Although primary and established human hepatoma cell lines have been evaluated for hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in vitro, thus far only Huh7 cells have been found to be highly permissive for infectious HCV. Since our understanding of the HCV lifecycle would benefit from the identification of additional permissive cell lines, we assembled a panel of hepatic and non-hepatic cell lines and assessed their ability to support HCV infection. Here we show infection of the human hepatoma cell lines PLC/PRF/5 and Hep3B with cell culturederived HCV (HCVcc), albeit to lower levels than that achieved in Huh7 cells. To better understand the reduced permissiveness of PLC and Hep3B cells for HCVcc infection, we performed studies to evaluate the ability of each cell line to support specific steps of the viral lifecycle (i.e. entry, replication, egress and spread). Results: We found that while the early events in HCV infection (i.e. entry plus replication initiation) are cumulatively equivalent or only marginally reduced in PLC and Hep3B cells, later steps of the viral life cycle such as steady-state replication, de novo virus production and/or spread are impaired to different degrees in PLC and Hep3B cultures compared to Huh7 cell cultures. Interestingly, we also observed that interferon stimulated gene (i.e. ISG56) expression was significantly and differentially up-regulated in PLC and Hep3B cells following viral infection. Conclusions: We conclude that the restrictions observed later during HCV infection in these cell lines could in part be attributed to HCV-induced innate signaling. Nevertheless, the identification of two new cell lines capable of supporting authentic HCVcc infection, even at reduced levels, expands the current repertoire of cell lines amendable for the study of HCV in vitro and should aid in further elucidating HCV biology and the cellular determinants that modulate HCV infection.	6.510860919952393	29.487415313720703	0
Perspectives of Australian policy-makers on the potential benefits and risks of technologically enhanced communicable disease surveillance -a modified Delphi survey. Background: Event-based social media monitoring and pathogen whole genome sequencing (WGS) will enhance communicable disease surveillance research and systems. If linked electronically and scanned systematically, the information provided by these technologies could be mined to uncover new epidemiological patterns and associations much faster than traditional public health approaches. The benefits of earlier outbreak detection are significant, but implementation could be opposed in the absence of a social licence or if ethical and legal concerns are not addressed. Methods: A three-phase mixed-method Delphi survey with Australian policy-makers, health practitioners and lawyers (n = 44) was conducted to explore areas of consensus and disagreement over (1) key policy and practical issues raised by the introduction of novel communicable disease surveillance programmes; and (2) the most significant and likely risks from using social media content and WGS technologies in epidemiological research and outbreak investigations. Results: Panellists agreed that the integration of social media monitoring and WGS technologies into communicable disease surveillance systems raised significant issues, including impacts on personal privacy, medicolegal risks and the potential for unintended consequences. Notably, their concerns focused on how these technologies should be used, rather than how the data was collected.	-19.71858787536621	-35.150421142578125	2
Phosphatidylserine treatment relieves the block to retrovirus infection of cells expressing glycosylated virus receptors David A Coil 1,2 and A Dusty Miller* 1. Background: A major determinant of retrovirus host range is the presence or absence of appropriate cell-surface receptors required for virus entry. Often orthologs of functional receptors are present in a wide range of species, but amino acid differences can render these receptors nonfunctional. In some cases amino acid differences result in additional N-linked glycosylation that blocks virus infection. The latter block to retrovirus infection can be overcome by treatment of cells with compounds such as tunicamycin, which prevent the addition of N-linked oligosaccharides. We have discovered that treatment of cells with liposomes composed of phosphatidylserine (PS) can also overcome the block to infection mediated by N-linked glycosylation. Importantly, this effect occurs without apparent change in the glycosylation state of the receptors for these viruses. This effect occurs with delayed kinetics compared to previous results showing enhancement of virus infection by PS treatment of cells expressing functional virus receptors. We have demonstrated that PS treatment can relieve the block to retrovirus infection of cells expressing retroviral receptors that have been rendered non-functional by glycosylation. These findings have important implications for the current model describing inhibition of virus entry by receptor glycosylation.	5.338921546936035	26.16858673095703	12
PhyloFold: Precise and Swift Prediction of RNA Secondary Structures to Incorporate Phylogeny among Homologs Associate Editor: XXXXXXX Received on XXXXX; revised on XXXXX; accepted on XXXXX. The simultaneous consideration of sequence alignment and RNA secondary structure, or structural alignment, is known to help predict more accurate secondary structures of homologs. However, the consideration is heavy and can be done only roughly to decompose structural alignments.	-14.963340759277344	-0.5779062509536743	6
Plasmodium vivax Antigen Discovery Based on Alpha-Helical Coiled Coil Protein Motif. Protein a-helical coiled coil structures that elicit antibody responses, which block critical functions of medically important microorganisms, represent a means for vaccine development. By using bioinformatics algorithms, a total of antigens with a-helical coiled coil motifs orthologous to Plasmodium falciparum were identified in the P. vivax genome. The peptides identified in silico were chemically synthesized; circular dichroism studies indicated partial or high a-helical content. Antigenicity was evaluated using human sera samples from malaria-endemic areas of Colombia and Papua New Guinea. Eight of these fragments were selected and used to assess immunogenicity in BALB/c mice. ELISA assays indicated strong reactivity of serum samples from individuals residing in malaria-endemic regions and sera of immunized mice, with the ahelical coiled coil structures. In addition, ex vivo production of IFN-c by murine mononuclear cells confirmed the immunogenicity of these structures and the presence of T-cell epitopes in the peptide sequences. Moreover, sera of mice immunized with four of the eight antigens recognized native proteins on blood-stage P. vivax parasites, and antigenic crossreactivity with three of the peptides was observed when reacted with both the P. falciparum orthologous fragments and whole parasites. Results here point to the a-helical coiled coil peptides as possible P. vivax malaria vaccine candidates as were observed for P. falciparum. Fragments selected here warrant further study in humans and non-human primate models to assess their protective efficacy as single components or assembled as hybrid linear epitopes.	19.41842269897461	21.113801956176758	10
Population movement, city closure and spatial transmission of the 2019-nCoV infection in China 2. The outbreak of pneumonia caused by a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Wuhan City of China obtained global concern, the population outflow from Wuhan has contributed to spatial expansion in other parts of China. We examined the effects of population outflow from Wuhan on the 2019-nCoV transmission in other provinces and cities of China, as well as the impacts of the city closure in Wuhan. We observed a significantly positive association between population movement and the number of cases. Further analysis revealed that if the city closure policy was implemented two days earlier, (95% CI: 1059, 1833) cases could be prevented, and if two days later, (95% CI: 1090, 1886) more cases would be possible. Our findings suggest that population movement might be one important trigger of the 2019-nCoV infection transmission in China, and the policy of city closure is effective to prevent the epidemic.	-0.7229893803596497	-30.310895919799805	3
Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV) Inhibits RNA-Mediated Gene Silencing by Targeting Ago-2. Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV) infection strongly modulates the host's immune response. The RNA silencing pathway is an intracellular innate response to viral infections. However, it is unknown whether PRRSV interacts with cellular RNA silencing to facilitate the viral infection. Here, we report for the first time the interaction between PRRSV and RNA silencing in both the porcine macrophages and African green monkey kidney cell line (MARC-145) cell line, which were derived from African green monkey kidney cells and highly permissive for PRRSV infection. Our data demonstrated that PRRSV suppressed RNA silencing induced by short-hairpin (sh) RNA, double-strand (ds) RNA and microRNA (miRNA) and downregulated the expression of argonaute protein-2 (Ago-2), which is a key protein of the RNA silencing pathway in animal cells. Further, exogenous introduction of siRNA and shRNA downregulated Dicer or Ago-2 proteins of the cellular RNA silencing apparatus in MARC-145 cells and porcine macrophages, which, in turn, increased the viral replication and titers. The viral non-structure protein 1α (nsp-1α) and nsp11 of PRRSV were identified as the suppressors for cellular RNA silencing (RSSs) to downregulate the Ago-2 protein. Our results identify that PRRSV, through its nsp proteins, suppresses the cellular RNA silencing apparatus in favor of viral infection and supports a co-evolutionary process of the virus and the cellular RNA silencing process.	-2.8089406490325928	21.366575241088867	12
Positive experiences of volunteers working in deployable laboratories in West Africa during the Ebola outbreak. The largest outbreak of Ebola virus disease ever started in West Africa in December 2013; it created a pressing need to expand the workforce dealing with it. The aim of this study was to gain insight into the experiences of volunteers from the European Union who worked in deployable laboratories in West Africa during the outbreak. This study is part of the EMERGE project. We assessed the experiences of volunteers with a 19-item online questionnaire. The questions asked about positive aspects of volunteering such as learning new skills, establishing a new path in life, and changing life values. Other questionnaire subjects were the compliance to follow-up measures, the extent to which volunteers felt these measures restricted their daily activities, the fear of stigmatization, and worries about becoming infected or infecting their families. The volunteers reported positive effects that reached far beyond their daily work, such as changes in life priorities and a greater appreciation of the value of their own lives. Although the volunteers did not feel that temperature monitoring restricted their daily activities, full compliance to temperature monitoring and reporting it to the authorities was low. The volunteers did not fear Ebola infection for themselves or their families and were not afraid of stigmatization. With respect to the burden on the families, 50% reported that their family members were worried that the volunteer would be infected with Ebola virus. Altogether, the positive experiences of the volunteers in this study far outweigh the negative implications and constitute an important argument for inspiring people who intend to join such missions and for motivating the hesitant ones.	-17.994964599609375	-40.86153030395508	2
Potential impact of seasonal forcing on a SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. A novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) first detected in Wuhan, China, has spread rapidly since December 2019, causing more than 80,000 confirmed infections and 2,700 fatalities (as of Feb 27, 2020). Imported cases and transmission clusters of various sizes have been reported globally suggesting a pandemic is likely. Here, we explore how seasonal variation in transmissibility could modulate a SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. Data from routine diagnostics show a strong and consistent seasonal variation of the four endemic coronaviruses (229E, HKU1, NL63, OC43) and we parameterize our model for SARS-CoV-2 using these data. The model allows for many subpopulations of different size with variable parameters. Simulations of different scenarios show that plausible parameters result in a small peak in early in temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere and a larger peak in winter 2020/2021. Variation in transmission and migration rates can result in substantial variation in prevalence between regions. While the uncertainty in parameters is large, the scenarios we explore show that transient reductions in the incidence rate might be due to a combination of seasonal variation and infection control efforts but do not necessarily mean the epidemic is contained. Seasonal forcing on SARS-CoV-2 should thus be taken into account in the further monitoring of the global transmission. The likely aggregated effect of seasonal variation, infection control measures, and transmission rate variation is a prolonged pandemic wave with lower prevalence at any given time, thereby providing a window of opportunity for better preparation of health care systems.	-11.771917343139648	-26.491424560546875	2
Potentially highly potent drugs for 2019-nCoV. The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) infection outbreak a global health emergency. Currently, there is no effective anti-2019-nCoV medication. The sequence identity of the 3CL proteases of 2019-nCoV and SARS is 96%, which provides a sound foundation for structural-based drug repositioning (SBDR). Based on a SARS 3CL protease X-ray crystal structure, we construct a 3D homology structure of 2019-nCoV 3CL protease. Based on this structure and existing experimental datasets for SARS 3CL protease inhibitors, we develop an SBDR model based on machine learning and mathematics to screen drugs in the DrugBank that have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). We found that many FDA approved drugs are potentially highly potent to 2019-nCoV.	13.163487434387207	12.56973934173584	4
Precautions are Needed for COVID-19 Patients with Coinfection of Common Respiratory Pathogens. With the ongoing outbreak of Coronavirus Disease , infected patients within and beyond the epidemic area, Wuhan, China, showed different epidemiological and clinical characteristics. There is a paucity of data concerning coinfection with other common respiratory pathogens in COVID-19 patients outside of Wuhan. We conducted a double-centre study recruiting patients with severe acute respiratory coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infection confirmed by nucleic acid testing in Qingdao and Wuhan from January to February 16, 2020. Indirect immunofluorescence was performed to detect the specific IgM antibody against common respiratory pathogens in collected acute phase serum. : Of the patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection, (44.12%) were from Qingdao. The median age of Qingdao and Wuhan patients were (IQR: 37-59) and (IQR: 28-38) years, respectively, and the majority of patients were female in Qingdao (60.00%) and Wuhan (55.26%). Among COVID-19 patients in Qingdao, (80.00%) of them had IgM antibodies against at least one respiratory pathogen, whereas only one (2.63%) of the patients in Wuhan had positive results for serum IgM antibody detection (P<0.0001). The most common respiratory pathogens detected in Qingdao COVID-19 patients were influenza virus A (60.00%) and influenza virus B (53.33%), followed by mycoplasma pneumoniae (23.33%) and legionella pneumophila (20.00%). While the pattern for coinfection in patients with community-acquired pneumonia in Qingdao was quite different, with a positive rate of only 20.90%. Interpretation: We reported a large proportion of COVID-19 patients with coinfection of seasonal respiratory pathogens in Qingdao, northeast China, which differed greatly from the patients in Wuhan, central China. Precautions are needed when dealing with COVID-19 patients beyond the epidemic centre who have coinfection with other respiratory pathogens. We highly recommend adding SARS-CoV-2 to routine diagnostic testing in capable hospitals to prevent misdetection of the virus.	15.02135944366455	-13.582053184509277	7
Predicting the cumulative number of cases for the COVID-19 epidemic in China from early data. We model the COVID-19 coronavirus epidemic in China. We use early reported case data to predict the cumulative number of reported cases to a final size. The key features of our model are the timing of implementation of major public policies restricting social movement, the identification and isolation of unreported cases, and the impact of asymptomatic infectious cases.	-13.472940444946289	-25.45932960510254	3
Predicting the global mammalian viral sharing network using phylogeography. Understanding interspecific viral transmission is key to understanding viral ecology and evolution, disease spillover into humans, and the consequences of global change. Prior work has demonstrated that macroecological factors drive viral sharing in some mammalian groups, but analyses have never attempted to predict viral sharing in a pan-mammalian context. Here we show that host phylogenetic similarity and geographic range overlap are strong, nonlinear predictors of viral sharing among species across the entire mammal class. Using these traits, we predict global viral sharing patterns across mammal species and show that our simulated network successfully predicts viral sharing and reservoir host status using internal validation and an external dataset. We predict high rates of mammalian viral sharing in the tropics, particularly among rodents and bats, and that within-and between-order sharing differs geographically and taxonomically. Our results emphasize the importance of macroecological factors in shaping mammalian viral communities, and provide a robust, general model to predict viral host range and guide pathogen surveillance and conservation efforts.	-3.866495370864868	4.944945812225342	5
Prediction of COVID-19 Spreading Profiles in South Korea, Italy and Iran by Data-Driven Coding. This work applies a data-driven coding method for prediction of the COVID-19 spreading profile in any given population that shows an initial phase of epidemic progression. Based on the historical data collected for COVID-19 spreading in cities in China and the set of parameters of the augmented Susceptible-Exposed-Infected-Removed (SEIR) model obtained for each city, a set of profile codes representing a variety of transmission mechanisms and contact topologies is formed. By comparing the data of an early outbreak of a given population with the complete set of historical profiles, the best fit profiles are selected and the corresponding sets of profile codes are used for prediction of the future progression of the epidemic in that population. Application of the method to the data collected for South Korea, Italy and Iran shows that peaks of infection cases are expected to occur before the end of March 2020, and that the percentage of population infected in each city will be less than 0.01%, 0.05% and 0.02%, for South Korea, Italy and Iran, respectively.	-2.4313135147094727	-33.799869537353516	3
Prediction of New Coronavirus Infection Based on a Modified SEIR Model. BACKGROUND The outbreak of the new coronavirus infection in Wuhan City, Hubei Province in December 2019, poses a huge threat to China and even global public health security. Respiratory droplets and contact transmission are the main routes of transmission of new coronaviruses. Compared with SARS and Ebola viruses, new coronavirus infections are infectious during the incubation period. Traditional SEIR (susceptibility-exposure-infection-Removal) There are some differences in conditions for the prediction of the epidemic trend of new coronavirus infection. The outbreak of the new coronavirus infection coincided with the Spring Festival before and after the Chinese Spring Festival.It is necessary to make appropriate optimization and amendments to the traditional model to meet the actual evolution of the epidemic situation. The traditional SEIR model assumes that the virus-infected person is not infectious during the incubation period and that the infected person did not take isolation measures during the illness. The transmission of the new coronavirus no longer meets the basic assumptions of the classical kinetic system. Therefore, this article first establishes a modified SEIR model. Predict and analyze the changing trend of the epidemic situation, then estimate the parameters involved in the infection dynamics model, and then use Matlab to simulate the established dynamic equations based on public data and analyze the results. Recommendations for universal prevention and control of infectious diseases. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint . : medRxiv preprint Wuhan City took no action, assuming the average daily number of contacts per infected person k = 5, the number of infected persons will reach about 2,384,803 people; If wuhan adopts the measures of sealing the city on January 22, 2020, under the premise of k=2, the number of infected people decreases by 19,773 compared with that on January 23, and there is no significant change in the time when the number of infected people reaches the peak. Under the premise of k = 1, the number of infected persons was reduced by 14,330 compared with the closure on January 23, and the time to reach the peak of the number of infected persons was reduced by days. If Wuhan City is closed for one day, the number of infected persons will increase from 106,145 to 130,626 under the premise of k = 2; the number of infected persons will increase from 74,369 to 92,010 under the premise of k = 1. Comparing the number of confirmed diagnoses actually notified by the department with the number of infected people obtained from the simulation of the model, it can be seen that the city closure measures adopted by the Wuhan Municipal Government on January and the first-level response measures adopted by the country are effective for the epidemic Prevention and control play a vital role. Wearing a mask when going out and avoiding close contact with people can effectively reduce the infection rate.	-4.6204915046691895	-25.50398063659668	3
Prediction of receptorome for human-infecting virome. The virus receptor is key for viral infection of host cells. Identification of the virus receptor is still challenging at present. Our previous study has shown that human virus receptor proteins have some unique features including high level of N-glycosylation, high number of interaction partners and high expressions. Here, we built a random-forest model to identify human virus receptorome from human cell membrane proteins with accepted accuracy based on combination of unique features of human virus receptors and protein sequences. A total of human cell membrane proteins were predicted to constitute the receptorome for the human-infecting virome. Combination of the random-forest model with protein-protein interactions between human and viruses predicted in previous studies further predicted	3.1518850326538086	12.262027740478516	4
Prediction of the COVID-19 outbreak based on a realistic stochastic model. The current outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has become a global crisis due to its quick and wide spread over the world. A good understanding of the dynamic of the disease would greatly enhance the control and prevention of COVID-19. However, to the best of our knowledge, the unique features of the outbreak have limited the applications of all existing models. In this paper, a novel stochastic model is proposed which aims to account for the unique transmission dynamics of COVID-19 and capture the effects of intervention measures implemented in Mainland China. We find that, (1) instead of aberration, there is a remarkable amount of asymptomatic individuals, (2) an individual with symptoms is approximately twice more likely to pass the disease to others than that of an asymptomatic patient, (3) the transmission rate has reduced significantly since the implementation of control . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.45301055908203	-28.106813430786133	2
Prediction of the Epidemic of COVID-19 Based on Quarantined Surveillance in China. To predict the epidemic of COVID-19 based on quarantined surveillance from real world in China by modified SEIR model different from the previous simply mathematical model. We forecasted the epidemic of COVID-19 based on current clinical and epidemiological data and built a modified SEIR model to consider both the infectivity during incubation period and the influence on the epidemic from strict quarantined measures.	-4.967278480529785	-18.249555587768555	3
Predictions for the binding domain and potential new drug targets of 2019-nCoV. An outbreak of new SARS-like viral in Wuhan, China has been named 2019-nCoV. The current state of the epidemic is increasingly serious, and there has been the urgent necessity to develop an effective new drug. In previous studies, it was found that the conformation change in CTD1 was the region where SARS-CoV bound to human ACE2. Although there are mutations of the 2019-nCoV, the binding energy of ACE2 remains high. The surface glycoprotein of 2019-nCoV was coincident with the CTD1 region of the S-protein by comparing the I-TASSER prediction model with the actual SARS model, which suggests that 2019-nCoV may bind to the ACE2 receptor through conformational changes. Furthermore, site prediction on the surface glycoprotein of 2019-nCoV suggests some core amino acid area may be a novel drug target against 2019-nCoV.	12.174176216125488	12.410467147827148	4
Preliminary epidemiological analysis on children and adolescents with novel coronavirus disease outside Hubei Province, China: an observational study utilizing crowdsourced data. The outbreak of coronavirus disease continues to expand across the world. Though both the number of cases and mortality rate in children and adolescents is reported to be low in comparison to adults, limited data has been reported on the outbreak with respect to pediatric patients. To elucidate information, we utilized crowdsourced data to perform a preliminary epidemiologic analysis of pediatric patients with COVID-19 In this observational study, data was collected from two open-access, line list crowdsourced online databases. Pediatric cases of COVID-19 were defined as patients ≤19 years of age with a laboratory confirmed diagnosis. The primary outcomes were case counts and cumulative case counts. Secondary outcomes included days between symptoms onset and first medical care and days between first medical care and reporting. Tertiary outcomes were rate of travel to Wuhan, rate of infected family members and rates of symptoms. A total of patients were included. The median age was [IQR: 5-15] years. Patients from mainland China (outside Hubei) accounted for 46.3% of cases, while the remaining 53.7% of cases were international. Males and females accounted for 52.4% and 32.9% of cases, respectively, with the remaining 14.6% being designated as unknown. A male skew persisted across subgroup analyses by age group (p=1.0) and location (inside/outside China) (p=0.22). While the number of reported international cases has been steadily increasing over the study period, the number of reported cases in China rapidly decreased from the start point. The median reporting delay was [IQR: 2-4.8] days. The median delay between symptom onset and first seeking medical care was . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	16.9134521484375	-22.127656936645508	9
Preliminary estimating the reproduction number of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak in Republic of Korea and Italy by March 2020. The novel coronavirus disease outbreak and Italy has caused cases and deaths in Republic of Korea and cases and death in Italy by March 2020. We modeled the transmission process in Republic of Korea and Italy with a stochastic model and estimated the basic reproduction number R0 as 2.6 (95% CI: 2.3-2.9) or 3.2 (95% CI: 2.9-3.5) in Republic of Korea, under the assumption that the exponential growth starting on January or February 2020, and 2.6 (95% CI: 2.3-2.9) or 3.3 (95% CI: 3.0-3.6) in Italy, under the assumption that the exponential growth starting on February or February 2020. Estimates of dispersion term (k) were (95% CI: 5-56) or (95% CI: 8-61) in Republic of Korea, and (95% CI: 5-61) or (95% CI: 13-61) in Italy, and all of which imply few super-spreading events.	-6.921044826507568	-36.37971115112305	9
Preliminary estimation of the basic reproduction number of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in China, from to 2020: A data-driven analysis in the early phase of the outbreak. Backgrounds: An ongoing outbreak of a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia hit a major city of China, Wuhan, December and subsequently reached other provinces/regions of China and countries. We present estimates of the basic reproduction number, R0, of 2019-nCoV in the early phase of the outbreak. Accounting for the impact of the variations in disease reporting rate, we modelled the epidemic curve of 2019-nCoV cases time series, in mainland China from January to January 24, 2020, through the exponential growth. With the estimated intrinsic growth rate (γ), we estimated R0 by using the serial intervals (SI) of two other well-known coronavirus diseases, MERS and SARS, as approximations for the true unknown SI. The early outbreak data largely follows the exponential growth. We estimated that the mean R0 ranges from 2.24 (95%CI: 1.96-2.55) to 3.58 (95%CI: 2.89-4.39) associated with 8-fold to 2-fold increase in the reporting rate. We demonstrated that changes in reporting rate substantially affect estimates of R0.	-7.069090366363525	-30.713176727294922	3
Preliminary identification of potential vaccine targets for the COVID-19 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) based on SARS- CoV immunological studies. The beginning of has seen the emergence of COVID-19 outbreak caused by a novel coronavirus, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). There is an imminent need to better understand this new virus and to develop ways to control its spread. In this study, we sought to gain insights for vaccine design against SARS-CoV-2 by considering the high genetic similarity between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV, which caused the outbreak in 2003, and leveraging existing immunological studies of SARS-CoV. By screening the experimentally-determined SARS-CoV-derived B cell and T cell epitopes in the immunogenic structural proteins of SARS-CoV, we identified a set of B cell and T cell epitopes derived from the spike (S) and nucleocapsid (N) proteins that map identically to SARS-CoV-2 proteins. As no mutation has been observed in these identified epitopes among the available SARS-CoV-2 sequences (as of February 2020), immune targeting of these epitopes may potentially offer protection against this novel virus. For the T cell epitopes, we performed a population coverage analysis of the associated MHC alleles and proposed a set of epitopes that is estimated to provide broad coverage globally, as well as in China. Our findings provide a screened set of epitopes that can help guide experimental efforts towards the development of vaccines against SARS-CoV-2. : bioRxiv preprint B cell responses in recovered patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome: A six-year follow-up study.	10.720128059387207	14.912932395935059	4
Preparedness and response against diseases with epidemic potential in the European Union: a qualitative case study of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and poliomyelitis in five member states. Background: EU Decision 1082/2013/EU on serious cross-border health threats provides a legal basis for collaboration between EU Member States, and between international and European level institutions on preparedness, prevention, and mitigation in the event of a public health emergency. The Decision provides a context for the present study, which aims to identify good practices and lessons learned in preparedness and response to Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) (in UK, Greece, and Spain) and poliomyelitis (in Poland and Cyprus). Methods: Based on a documentary review, followed by five week-long country visits involving a total of interviews and group discussions with experts from both the health and non-health sectors, this qualitative case study has investigated six issues related to preparedness and response to MERS and poliomyelitis: national plans and overall preparedness capacity; training and exercises; risk communication; linking policy and implementation; interoperability between the health and non-health sectors; and cross-border collaboration. Results: Preparedness and response plans for MERS and poliomyelitis were in place in the participating countries, with a high level of technical expertise available to implement them. Nevertheless, formal evaluation of the responses to previous public health emergencies have sometimes been limited, so lessons learned may not be reflected in updated plans, thereby risking mistakes being repeated in future. The nature and extent of intersectoral collaboration varied according to the sectors involved, with those sectors that have traditionally had good collaboration (e.g. animal health and food safety), as well as those that have a financial incentive for controlling infectious diseases (e.g. agriculture, tourism, and air travel) seen as most likely to have integrated public health preparedness and response plans. Although the formal protocols for inter-sectoral collaboration were not always up to date, good personal relations were reported within the relevant professional networks, which could be brought into play in the event of a public health emergency. Cross-border collaboration was greatly facilitated if the neighbouring country was a fellow EU Member State.	-19.210371017456055	-35.111480712890625	2
Preparedness and vulnerability of African countries against introductions of 2019-nCoV. The novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) epidemic has spread to countries from China. Local cycles of transmission already occurred in countries following case importation. No African country has reported cases yet. The management and control of 2019-nCoV introductions heavily relies on country's health capacity. Here we evaluate the preparedness and vulnerability of African countries against their risk of importation of 2019-nCoV.	-0.4030660390853882	-24.584516525268555	2
Prevalence and clinical features of novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the Fever Clinic of a teaching hospital in Beijing: a single-center, retrospective study. Background With the spread of COVID-19 from Wuhan, Hubei Province to other areas of the country, medical staff in Fever Clinics faced the challenge of identifying suspected cases among febrile patients with acute respiratory infections. We aimed to describe the prevalence and clinical features of COVID-19 as compared to pneumonias of other etiologies in a Fever Clinic in Beijing.	13.27651596069336	-13.738643646240234	7
Problem Statement and Results: Forecasting the dynamics of infectious disease outbreaks is a challenging and important problem. There has been a flurry of activity in the recent year on the subject of forecasting infectious disease outbreaks. Researchers have studied a diverse set of methods that range from classical methods in forecasting time series, to the use of sophisticated mechanistic models. Progress has also been made on the data front wherein diverse data sets have been collected and investigated in terms of their utility to forecast infectious disease dynamics. Recent progress has also been made using ensemble techniques to improve the quality of forecasting. Results have primarily been computational in nature and have shown that forecasting infectious disease might often be possible. In contrast to this, very little work has been undertaken to establish the inherent limits on forecasting. The paper by Scarpino and Petri is a step in this direction. The authors study the information theoretic limits to forecasting infectious disease outbreaks. They use permutation entropy as the method of their choice to study this question. Using diverse time series data on a number of diseases, they investigate this important question. The paper finds that although forecasting might indeed be feasible, the time horizon over which these forecasts are made depends on both shifting model structure and social network evolution. They conclude that one needs to move beyond simple time series based methods for forecasting and develop dynamic mechanistic models. The paper uses permutation entropy to investigate the fundamental limits of forecasting epidemic dynamics. It can make a potentially important point but needs to be revised substantially before it can be accepted for publication. I have provided suggestions for the same. Clarifying the definitions: The level of details provided as regards to how entropy was computed, the Markov chain and the SIR model require substantial details. While some details are provided and I can guess how this is done, it makes it harder to have confidence in my understanding without these details. They are needed since the results critically depend on it. Some examples: what is T, how do you set up τ (was set to as said in the appendix), details on the Markov chain (beyond what is provided). Formal definitions can be given in some cases, in other cases well crafted examples can suffice. A particular definition that needs clarification is the way you make a time series out of the basic definition of permutation entropy (PE). This is not described. As stated PE is simply a number. Based on the article, this is presumably done by having a sliding window that plots the PE as a time series. More importantly, how does one compute the probability; only within the window or over the entire time series. Clarifying how models are developed: The way SIR model was constructed was not clear. At one level this is easy. But there is very little discussion of the probability of transmission which clearly has a role in the overall system dynamics. If one used a random graph model then the rationale for using it is unclear. Charts, etc: The captions for the charts etc. should be improved from the standpoint of explaining the results. • First: comparing the results with results produced by an SIR based network model is good but as they stand need more work. Specifically, one needs to understand the joint interaction of network and transmission probability p.	-19.11823081970215	-13.488968849182129	5
Processing of the SARS-CoV pp1a/ab nsp7-10 region. Abstract ) is the causative agent of a respiratory disease with a high case fatality rate. During the formation of the coronaviral replication/transcription complex (RTC), essential steps include processing of the conserved polyprotein nsp7-10 region by the main protease M pro and subsequent complex formation of the released nsp's. Here, we analyzed processing of the coronavirus nsp7-10 region using native mass spectrometry showing consumption of substrate, rise and fall of intermediate products and complexation. Importantly, there is a clear order of cleavage efficiencies, which is influenced by the polyprotein tertiary structure. Furthermore, the predominant product is an nsp7+8(2:2) hetero-tetramer with nsp8 scaffold. In conclusion, native MS, opposed to other methods, can expose the processing dynamics of viral polyproteins and the landscape of protein interactions in one set of experiments. Thereby, new insights into protein interactions, essential for generation of viral progeny, were provided, with relevance for development of antivirals.	-1.3807473182678223	24.461952209472656	12
Prodrug defiance reveals logic-based strategies for treating bacterial resistance. Classifying the mechanisms of antibiotic failure has led to the development of new treatment strategies for killing bacteria. Among the currently described mechanismswhich include resistance, persistence and tolerancewe propose defiance as a subclass of antibiotic failure specific to prodrugs. Using locked antimicrobial peptides (AMP) that are activated by bacterial proteases as a prototypic prodrug, we observe that although treatment eliminates bacteria across the vast majority of environmental conditions (e.g., temperature, concentration of growth nutrients), bacteria spontaneously switch from susceptibility to defiance under conditions that alter the competing rates between bacterial proliferation and prodrug activation. To identify the determinants of this switch-like behavior, we model bacteria-prodrug dynamics as a multi-rate feedback system and identify a dimensionless quantity we call the Bacterial Advantage Heuristic (BAH) that perfectly classifies bacteria as either defiant or susceptible across a broad range of treatment conditions. By recognizing that the bacterial switch from susceptibility to defiance behaves analogously to electronic transistors, we construct prodrug logic gates (e.g., AND, OR, NOT, etc.) to allow assembly of an integrated 3-bit multi-prodrug circuit that kills defiant bacteria under all possible combinations of BAH values (i.e., 000, 001, …, 111) that represent a broad range of possible treatment conditions. Our study identifies a form of bacterial resistance specific to prodrugs that is described by a predictive dimensionless constant to reveal logic-based treatment strategies using multi-prodrug biological circuits.	-5.945895671844482	11.556180953979492	11
Production of complex viral glycoproteins in plants as vaccine immunogens. Plant molecular farming offers a cost-effective and scalable approach to the expression of recombinant proteins which has been proposed as an alternative to conventional production platforms for developing countries. In recent years, numerous proofs of concept have established that plants can produce biologically active recombinant proteins and immunologically relevant vaccine antigens that are comparable to those made in conventional expression systems. Driving many of these advances is the remarkable plasticity of the plant proteome which enables extensive engineering of the host cell, as well as the development of improved expression vectors facilitating higher levels of protein production. To date, the only plant-derived viral glycoprotein to be tested in humans is the influenza haemagglutinin which expresses at~50 mg/kg. However, many other viral glycoproteins that have potential as vaccine immunogens only accumulate at low levels in planta. A critical consideration for the production of many of these proteins in heterologous expression systems is the complexity of post-translational modifications, such as control of folding, glycosylation and disulphide bridging, which is required to reproduce the native glycoprotein structure. In this review, we will address potential shortcomings of plant expression systems and discuss strategies to optimally exploit the technology for the production of immunologically relevant and structurally authentic glycoproteins for use as vaccine immunogens.	-9.005531311035156	7.39679479598999	11
Productive infection of field strains of avian coronavirus infectious bronchitis virus in chicken peripheral blood-derived monocytes. The avian coronavirus infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) typically infects the respiratory tract of chickens, but can also spread to other organs. However, the mechanisms of virus dissemination are presently unclear. We show that peripheral blood--derived monocytes/macrophages from chickens (chPBMC) are productively infected by clinical strains of IBV, accompanied by induction of apoptosis. Our data suggest that chPBMCs play a role in the dissemination of IBV, and may be important for viral pathogenesis.	14.710908889770508	24.08152961730957	10
Profiling ACE2 expression in colon tissue of healthy adults and colorectal cancer patients by single-cell transcriptome analysis. A newly identified novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has caused numerous acute respiratory syndrome cases in Wuhan China from December to Feb 2020. Its fast spreading to other provinces in China and overseas is very likely causing a pandemic. Since the novel coronavirus has been reported to be capable of endangering thousands of lives, it is extremely important to find out how the coronavirus is transmitted in human organs. Apart from fever and respiratory complications, gastrointestinal symptoms are observed in some patients with 2019-nCoV but the significance remains undetermined. The cell receptor angiotensin covering enzyme II (ACE2), which is the major receptor of SARS-nCoV, has been reported to be a cellular entry receptor of 2019-nCoV as well. Here, to more precisely explore the potential pathogen transmission route of the 2019-nCoV infections in the gastrointestinal tract, we analyzed the ACE2 RNA expression profile in the colon tissue of healthy adults and colorectal cancer patients of our cohort and other databases. The data indicates that ACE2 is mainly expressed in epithelial cells of the colon. The expression of ACE2 is gradually increased from healthy control, adenoma to colorectal cancer patients in our cohort as well as in the external Asian datasets. According to the expression profile of ACE2 in colon epithelial cells, we speculate adenoma and colorectal cancer patients are more likely to be infected with 2019-nCoV than healthy people. Our data may provide a theoretical basis for the classification and management of future 2019-nCoV susceptibility people in clinical application.	6.031993389129639	4.795783996582031	4
Profiling the genetic evolution and dynamic spreading of viruses is a crucial task when responding to epidemic outbreaks. We aim to devise novel ways to model, visualise and analyse the temporal dynamics of epidemic outbreaks in order to help researchers and other people involved in crisis response to make well-informed and targeted decisions about from which geographical locations and time periods more genetic samples may be required to fully understand the outbreak. Our approach relies on the application of Transcendental Information Cascades to a set of temporally ordered nucleotide sequences, and we apply it to real-world data that was collected during the currently ongoing outbreak of the novel 2019-nCoV coronavirus. We assess information-theoretic and network-theoretic measures that characterise the resulting complex network and identify touching points and temporal pathways that are candidates for deeper investigation by geneticists and epidemiologists.	-19.861391067504883	-17.869720458984375	5
Profiling the immune vulnerability landscape of the Novel Coronavirus. The outbreak of the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has rapidly spread from Wuhan, China to multiple countries, causing staggering number of infections and deaths. A systematic profiling of the immune vulnerability landscape of 2019-nCoV is lacking, which can bring critical insights into the immune clearance mechanism, peptide vaccine development, and antiviral antibody development. In this study, we predicted the potential of all the 2019-nCoV viral proteins to induce class I and II MHC presentation and form linear antibody epitopes. We showed that the enrichment for T cell and B cell epitopes is not uniform on the viral genome, with several focused regions that generate abundant epitopes and may be more targetable. We showed that genetic variations in 2019-nCoV, though fewer for the moment, already follow the pattern of mutations in related coronaviruses, and could alter the immune vulnerability landscape of this virus, which should be considered in the development of therapies. We create an online database to broadly share our research outcome. Overall, we present an immunological resource for 2019-nCoV that could significantly promote both therapeutic development and mechanistic research.	6.434648513793945	9.435219764709473	4
Prognostic value of NT-proBNP in patients with severe COVID-19. The outbreak of coronavirus disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) in China has been declared a public health emergency of international concern. The cardiac injury was dominate in the process. However, whether N terminal pro B type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) predicted outcome of COVID-19 patients was unknown. The study initially enrolled patients with severe COVID-19 pneumonia from a continuous sample. After screening out the ineligible cases, patients were analyzed in this study. Results found that patients with higher NT-proBNP (above 88.64 pg/mL) level had more risks of inhospital death. After adjusting for potential cofounders in separate modes, NT-proBNP presented as an independent risk factor of in-hospital death in patients with severe COVID-19. : medRxiv preprint Figure 1. The NT-proBNP for in-hospital death of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. The area under the curve (AUC) of NT-proBNP was 0.909. The best cutoff of NT-proBNP for prediction in-hospital death was 88.64 pg/mL with the sensitivity of 100% and the specificity of 66.67%. 95%CI, 95% confidence interval. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is . Figure 2. Kaplan-Meier plots showing the cumulative survival rate of COVID-19 patients who were stratified into two groups according to plasma NT-proBNP cutoff point at baseline (Dotted line, NT-proBNP ≤88.64 pg/ml, n=24; Solid line, NT-proBNP >88.64 pg/ml, n=30; log-rank test for trend, P<0.001). the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	12.438505172729492	-22.4492244720459	9
Programmable low-cost DNA-based platform for viral RNA detection. Viral detection is critical for controlling disease spread and progression. Recent emerging threats including the Zika and Ebola virus outbreaks highlight the cost and difficulty in responding rapidly. In low-resource areas, a key obstacle is quick and accurate detection of viruses near the point of care. To address these challenges, we develop a platform for low-cost and rapid detection of viral RNA with DNA nanoswitches designed to mechanically reconfigure in response to specific viruses. Using Zika virus as a model system, we show non-enzymatic detection of viral RNA to the attomole level, with selective and multiplexed detection between related viruses and viral strains. For clinical-level sensitivity in biological fluids, we paired the assay with a sample preparation step using either RNA extraction or isothermal preamplification. Our assay can be performed with minimal or no lab infrastructure, and is readily adaptable (with ~24-hour development time) to detect other viruses. Given this versatility, we expect that further development and field implementation will improve our ability to detect emergent viral threats and ultimately limit their impact.	-1.9178688526153564	-3.4546327590942383	6
Projecting the end of the Zika virus epidemic in Latin America: a modelling analysis. International Concern following a cluster of associated neurological disorders and neonatal malformations. In 2017, Zika cases declined, but future incidence in LAC remains uncertain due to gaps in our understanding, considerable variation in surveillance and a lack of a comprehensive collation of data from affected countries. Methods Our analysis combines information on confirmed and suspected Zika cases across LAC countries and a spatio-temporal dynamic transmission model for ZIKV infection to determine key transmission parameters and projected incidence in major cities within countries. Seasonality was determined by spatio-temporal estimates of Aedes aegypti vector capacity. We used country and state-level data from to mid-2017 to infer key model parameters, country-specific disease reporting rates, and the projected incidence. A 10-fold cross-validation approach was used to validate parameter estimates to out-of-sample epidemic trajectories. There was limited transmission in 2015, but in and there was sufficient opportunity for wide-spread ZIKV transmission in most cities, resulting in the depletion of susceptible individuals. We predict that the highest number of cases in within some Brazilian States (Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro), Colombia and French Guiana, but the estimated number of cases were no more than a few hundred. Model estimates of the timing of the peak in incidence were correlated (p<0.05) with the reported peak in incidence. The reporting rate varied across countries, with lower reporting rates for those with only confirmed cases compared to those who reported both confirmed and suspected cases. The findings suggest that the ZIKV epidemic is by and large over, with incidence projected to be low in most cities in LAC in 2018. Local low levels of transmission are probable but the estimated rate of infection suggests that most cities have a population with high levels of herd immunity.	-13.728031158447266	-29.3633975982666	2
Projecting the transmission dynamics of SARS-CoV-2 through the post-pandemic period. There is an urgent need to project how transmission of the novel betacoronavirus SARS-CoV-2 will unfold in coming years. These dynamics will depend on seasonality, the duration of immunity, and the strength of cross-immunity to/from the other human coronaviruses. Using data from the United States, we measured how these factors affect transmission of human betacoronaviruses HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1. We then built a mathematical model to simulate transmission of SARS-CoV-2 through the year 2025. We project that recurrent wintertime outbreaks of SARS-CoV-2 will probably occur after an initial pandemic wave. We summarize the full range of plausible transmission scenarios and identify key data still needed to distinguish between them, most importantly longitudinal serological studies to determine the duration of immunity to SARS-CoV-2. Main text. The ongoing SARS-CoV-2 epidemic has caused nearly 80,000 detected cases of COVID-19 illness and claimed over 2,500 lives as of Feb (1). With sustained transmission reported in China, Japan, Iran, Italy, and South Korea (1), the outbreak is on the verge of becoming a pandemic. The required intensity, duration, and urgency of public health responses will depend on how the initial pandemic wave unfolds and on the subsequent transmission dynamics of SARS-CoV-2. One possibility is that SARS-CoV-2 will follow its closest genetic relative, SARS-CoV, and be eradicated by intensive public health measures after causing a brief but intense epidemic (2). Increasingly, public health authorities consider this scenario unlikely (3). Alternatively, the transmission of SARS-CoV-2 could resemble that of pandemic influenza by circulating seasonally after causing an initial global wave of infection (4). Such a scenario could reflect the previous emergence of known human coronaviruses from zoonotic origins e.g. human coronavirus (HCoV) OC43 (5). This paper identifies viral, environmental, and immunologic factors which in combination will determine which scenarios in fact play out, and identifies key data needed to distinguish between them. The transmission dynamics of the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic will depend on factors including the degree of seasonal variation in transmission strength, the duration of immunity, and the degree of cross-immunity between SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses. SARS-CoV-2 belongs to the betacoronavirus genus, which includes the SARS coronavirus, MERS coronavirus, and two other human coronaviruses, HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1. The SARS and MERS coronaviruses cause severe illness with case fatality rates of and 36% respectively, but the transmission of both has remained limited (6). HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 infections may be asymptomatic or associated with mild to moderate upper respiratory tract illness; these HCoVs are considered the second most common cause of the common cold (6). While investigations into the spectrum of illness caused by SARS-CoV-2 are ongoing, recent evidence indicates the majority of cases experience mild illness with more limited occurrence of severe lower respiratory infection (7). Current COVID-19 case fatality rates in China are estimated at 2.9% within Hubei province, and 0.4% outside (8), suggesting lower severity than SARS and MERS but higher severity than HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1. In terms of transmission, the ability of SARS-CoV-2 to cause widespread infection is more reflective of HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 than of its more clinically severe relatives. HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 cause annual wintertime outbreaks of respiratory illness in temperate regions (9, 10), suggesting that wintertime climate and host behaviors may facilitate transmission, as is true for influenza (11) (12) (13) . Immunity to HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 appears to wane appreciably within one year (14), while SARS infection can induce longer-lasting immunity (15). The . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	17.89545249938965	9.726801872253418	1
Prolonged presence of SARS-CoV-2 in feces of pediatric patients during the convalescent phase. Background: Severe acute respiratory coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is a newly identified virus which mainly spreads from person-to-person. Presence of SARS-CoV-2 has been constantly reported in stools of patients with coronavirus disease (COVID-19). However, there is a paucity of data concerning fecal shedding of the virus in pediatric patients. Objective: To investigate dynamic changes of SARS-CoV-2 in respiratory and fecal specimens in children with COVID-19. , three pediatric cases of were reported in Qingdao, Shandong Province, China. Epidemiological, clinical, laboratory, and radiological characteristics and treatment data of these children were collected. Real-time fluorescence reverse-transcriptase-polymerase-chain reaction (RT-PCR) was performed to detect SARS-CoV-2 RNA in throat swabs and fecal specimens. Patients were followed up to March 10, 2020, the final date of follow-up, and dynamic profiles of RT-PCR results were closely monitored. Results: All the three pediatric cases were household contacts of adults whose symptoms developed earlier. Severity of disease was mild to moderate and fever was the most consistent and predominant symptom at onset of illness of these children (two cases had body temperature higher than 38.5°C). All children showed increased lymphocytes (>4.4×10 /L) with normal white blood cell counts on admission. Radiological changes were not typical for COVID-19. All children showed good response to supportive treatment. Clearance of SARS-CoV-2 in respiratory tract occurred within two weeks after abatement of fever, whereas viral RNA remained positive in stools of pediatric patients for longer than weeks. Two children had fecal SARS-CoV-2 turned negative days after throat swabs showing negative, while that of another child lagged behind for days. Interpretation: SARS-CoV-2 may exist in gastrointestinal tract for a longer time than respiratory system. Persistent shedding of SARS-CoV-2 in stools of infected children indicates the potential for the virus to be transmitted through fecal excretion. Massive efforts should be made at all levels to prevent spreading of the infection among children after reopening of kindergartens and schools. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	12.026287078857422	-11.71408462524414	7
Proofreading-deficient coronaviruses adapt over long-term passage for increased fidelity and fitness without reversion of exoribonuclease-inactivating mutations 4. The coronavirus (CoV) RNA genome is the largest among single-stranded positive sense RNA viruses. CoVs encode a proofreading 3¢à5¢exoribonuclease within nonstructural protein (nsp14-ExoN) that is responsible for CoV high-fidelity replication. Alanine substitution of ExoN catalytic residues [ExoN(-)] in SARS-CoV and murine hepatitis virus (MHV) disrupts ExoN activity, yielding viable mutant viruses with defective replication, up to 20-fold decreased fidelity, and increased susceptibility to nucleoside analogs. To test the stability of the ExoN(-) genotype and phenotype, we passaged MHV-ExoN(-) times in cultured cells (P250), in parallel with WT-MHV. Compared to MHV-ExoN(-) P3, MHV-ExoN(-) P250 demonstrated enhanced replication, reduced susceptibility to nucleoside analogs, and increased competitive fitness. However, passage did not select for complete or partial reversion at the ExoN-32 inactivating mutations. We identified novel amino acid changes within the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (nsp12-RdRp) and nsp14 of MHV-ExoN(-) P250 that partially account for the observed changes in replication, susceptibility to nucleoside analogs, and competitive fitness observed in the passaged virus population, indicating that additional determinants can compensate for the activities of nsp14-ExoN. Our results suggest that while selection favors restoration of replication fidelity in ExoN(-) CoVs, there may be a significant barrier to ExoN(-) reversion. These results also support the hypothesis that high-fidelity replication is linked to CoV fitness and identify additional candidate proteins that may regulate CoV replication fidelity.	-4.67738151550293	19.676921844482422	12
Propagation analysis and prediction of the COVID-19. Based on the official data modeling, this paper studies the transmission process of the Corona Virus Disease (COVID-19). The error between the model and the official data curve is within 3%. At the same time, it realized forward prediction and backward inference of the epidemic situation, and the relevant analysis help relevant countries to make decisions.	-3.5678164958953857	-23.435108184814453	3
Propagation of Respiratory Aerosols by the Vuvuzela. Vuvuzelas, the plastic blowing horns used by sports fans, recently achieved international recognition during the FIFA World Cup soccer tournament in South Africa. We hypothesised that vuvuzelas might facilitate the generation and dissemination of respiratory aerosols. To investigate the quantity and size of aerosols emitted when the instrument is played, eight healthy volunteers were asked to blow a vuvuzela. For each individual the concentration of particles in expelled air was measured using a six channel laser particle counter and the duration of blowing and velocity of air leaving the vuvuzela were recorded. To allow comparison with other activities undertaken at sports events each individual was also asked to shout and the measurements were repeated while using a paper cone to confine the exhaled air. Triplicate measurements were taken for each individual. The mean peak particle counts were per litre for the vuvuzela and 3.7610 per litre for shouting, representing a mean log difference of 2.20 (95% CI: 2.03,2.36; p,0.001). The majority (.97%) of particles captured from either the vuvuzela or shouting were between 0.5 and microns in diameter. Mean peak airflows recorded for the vuvuzela and shouting were 6.1 and 1.8 litres per second respectively. We conclude that plastic blowing horns (vuvuzelas) have the capacity to propel extremely large numbers of aerosols into the atmosphere of a size able to penetrate the lower lung. Some respiratory pathogens are spread via contaminated aerosols emitted by infected persons. Further investigation is required to assess the potential of the vuvuzela to contribute to the transmission of aerosol borne diseases. We recommend, as a precautionary measure, that people with respiratory infections should be advised not to blow their vuvuzela in enclosed spaces and where there is a risk of infecting others.	-25.938838958740234	-18.458860397338867	2
Prophage genomics reveals patterns in phage genome organization and replication. Temperate phage genomes are highly variable mosaic collections of genes that infect a bacterial host, integrate into the host's genome or replicate as low copy number plasmids, and are regulated to switch from the lysogenic to lytic cycles to generate new virions and escape their host. Genomes from most Bacterial phyla contain at least one or more prophages. We updated our PhiSpy algorithm to improve detection of prophages and to provide a web-based framework for PhiSpy. We have used this algorithm to identify 36,488 prophage regions from 11,941 bacterial genomes, including almost prophages with no known homology to any proteins. Transfer RNA genes were abundant in the prophages, many of which alleviate the limits of translation efficiency due to host codon bias and presumably enable phages to surpass the normal capacity of the hosts' translation machinery. We identified integrase genes in 15,765 prophages (43% of the prophages). The integrase was routinely located at either end of the integrated phage genome, and was used to orient and align prophage genomes to reveal their underlying organization. The conserved genome alignments of phages recapitulate early, middle, and late gene order in transcriptional control of phage genes, and demonstrate that gene order, presumably selected by transcription timing and/or coordination among functional modules has been stably conserved throughout phage evolution. Here we presented an analysis of over 11,000 bacterial genomes from which we identified 36,488 prophages. Many phages appear to be limited by initiation of translation by the host's machinery, and may increase translation rates by carrying their own tRNA genes, effectively increasing the availability of both tRNAs loaded with methionine and of peptide deformylase. We have also demonstrated that phages maintain a highly conserved gene order that suggests phage genome mosaicism is limited to clusters of conserved genes rather than individual genes.	-9.274816513061523	15.454960823059082	8
Prophylactic efficacy of orally administered Bacillus poly-γ- glutamic acid, a non-LPS TLR4 ligand, against norovirus infection in mice. Poly-gamma-glutamic acid (γ-PGA), an extracellular biopolymer produced by Bacillus sp., is a noncanonical toll-like receptor (TLR4) agonist. Here we show its antiviral efficacy against noroviruses. γ-PGA with a molecular mass of 2,000-kDa limited murine norovirus (MNV) replication in the macrophage cell line RAW264.7 by inducing interferon (IFN)-β and conferred resistance to viral infection-induced cell death. Additionally, γ-PGA interfered with viral entry into cells. The potent antiviral state mounted by γ-PGA was not attributed to the upregulation of TLR4 or TLR3, a sensor known to recognize norovirus RNA. γ-PGA sensing by TLR4 required the two TLR4-associated accessory factors MD2 and CD14. In ex vivo cultures of mouse ileum, γ-PGA selectively increased the expression of IFN-β in villi. In contrast, IFN-β induction was negligible in the ileal Peyer's patches (PPs) where its expression was primarily induced by the replication of MNV. Oral administration of γ-PGA, which increased serum IFN-β levels without inducing proinflammatory cytokines, reduced MNV loads in the ileum with PPs and mesenteric lymph nodes in mice. Our results disclose a γ-PGA-mediated nonconventional TLR4 signaling in the ileum, highlighting the potential use of γ-PGA as a prophylactic antiviral agent against noroviruses. Toll-like receptor (TLR) is a pattern-recognition receptor (PRR) that recognizes lipopolysaccharide (LPS) from Gram-negative bacteria as a pathogen-associated molecular pattern (PAMP). TLR4 signaling activates the MyD88 (myeloid differentiation primary-response protein 88)-and TRIF (TIR domain-containing adaptor protein-inducing interferon-β)-dependent pathways to induce the production of proinflammatory cytokines and interferons (IFNs), respectively 1-4 . Since the discovery of TLR4 as a receptor for LPS, several non-LPS TLR4 ligands, which are mostly derived from microbes, have been identified and their roles in TLR4-mediated innate immune responses have been proposed 5-8 . During the onset of intestinal inflammation in response to PAMPs from colon and possibly non-LPS TLR4 ligands from diet, TLR4 signaling is likely to play an important role in intestinal epithelial cells (IECs) and immune cells, including, macrophages and dendritic cells. IFN and/or inflammatory cytokines produced in the intestine upon stimulation by these PAMPs would systemically act on virus-infected cells locally and/or far away from sites where IFN signaling was initially induced. However, TLR4 signaling in the small intestine is not well characterized . Noroviruses are positive-sense, single-stranded RNA viruses belonging to the Caliciviridae family . Human norovirus (HuNoV) is transmitted via the fecal-oral route and propagates in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract . It is the most common cause of non-bacterial acute outbreaks of gastroenteritis worldwide across all age groups . Norovirus has become a global health burden due to its high-sustained viability in environment, high risk of infection with fewer than particles, possibility of causing chronic infection in immune deficient hosts as well as the elderly and infants, and emergence of novel norovirus strains [13] [14] [15] [16] . Despite the breadth of potential antiviral drugs tested in vitro using a HuNoV replicon culture system , limited studies have validated the efficacy of these drugs in vivo [18] [19] [20] . There are no reports on safe, prophylactic antiviral drugs that could prevent the onset of Published: xx xx xxxx OPEN www.nature.com/scientificreports/ Scientific RePORTS | (2018) 8:8667 | acute gastroenteritis in immunocompromised hosts. In the absence of approved vaccines and specific antiviral therapies for HuNoV 18,21,22 , development of prophylactic or therapeutic measures against HuNoV has become the need of the hour. Poly-γ-glutamic acid (γ-PGA) is an anionic polypeptide synthesized and secreted by Bacillus species. In γ-PGA, d-and/or l-glutamate is polymerized via γ-amide linkages formed between the α-amino and γ-carboxylic acid functional groups . We had previously reported the activation of TLR4 signaling pathway by γ-PGA, leading to the production of type I interferon (IFN) (α and β) . In vitro, γ-PGA displays antiviral activity against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus and hepatitis C virus . In norovirus-infected cells, IFN-α/β production is initiated by the sensing of viral RNA genome via the cytoplasmic PRR MDA5 (melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5) and TLR3, followed by phosphorylation of IFN regulatory factor (IRF-3) through two independent pathways . This type I IFN signaling plays a major role in clearing mouse norovirus 24-26 and HuNoV 27,28 . γ-PGA is a major ingredient of "natto", a Japanese traditional fermented food, and "Chungkookjang" a Korean fermented seasoning, both made from soybeans and used for dietary consumption. In the present study, we investigated whether γ-PGA, a non-LPS TLR4 ligand, could activate TLR4 signaling when administered orally. Our results demonstrate the induction of IFN-β by peroral administration of γ-PGA without the production of proinflammatory cytokines, thereby establishing an antiviral state against mouse norovirus. We provide evidence of in vivo efficacy of γ-PGA in limiting norovirus infection, highlighting the potential of γ-PGA as a prophylactic antiviral agent.	5.347629070281982	36.03487014770508	0
Protective effects and immunomodulation on piglets infected with rotavirus following resveratrol supplementation. Rotavirus (RV), belonging to Reoviridae family, is the leading cause of acute severe viral diarrhea in children (under years old) and infant animals worldwide. Although vaccines are commonly used to prevent infection, episodes of diarrhea caused by RV frequently occur. Thus, this study was conducted to determine whether resveratrol had protective effects against RV infection in piglets. Following pretreatment with resveratrol dry suspension through adding into the basal diet for weeks, the piglets were orally challenged with RV. We found that resveratrol could alleviate diarrhea induced by RV infection. Resveratroltreatment inhibited the TNF-α production, indicating that the anti-RV activity of resveratrol may be achieved by reducing the inflammatory response. The IFN-γ level was elevated in 10mg/kg/d resveratrol-treated group and 30mg/kg/d resveratrol-treated group after RV infection. The ratios of CD4+/CD8+ in resveratrol-treated groups were the same as that in mock infected group, suggesting that resveratrol could maintain the immune function in RVinfected piglets. It was found that resveratrol could alleviate diarrhea induced by RV infection. These results revealed that resveratrol dry suspension could be a new control measure for RV infection. OPEN ACCESS Citation: Cui Q, Fu Q, Zhao X, Song X, Yu J, Yang Y, et al. (2018) Protective effects and immunomodulation on piglets infected with rotavirus following resveratrol supplementation. PLoS ONE 13(2): e0192692.	2.2200284004211426	41.071102142333984	11
Protein structure and sequence re-analysis of 2019-nCoV genome does not indicate snakes as its intermediate host or the unique similarity between its spike protein insertions and HIV-1. As the infection of 2019-nCoV coronavirus is quickly developing into a global pneumonia epidemic, careful analysis of its transmission and cellular mechanisms is sorely needed. In this report, we re-analyzed the computational approaches and findings presented in two recent manuscripts by Ji et al. and by Pradhan et al. protein sequence alignment of the full-length coronavirus spike proteins was performed by MUSCLE and visualized by SeaView . We use C-I-TASSER to create structural models of the full-length spike protein. Here, C-I-TASSER is an extended pipeline of I-TASSER and utilizes the deep convolutional neuralnetwork based contact-maps to guide the Monte Carlo fragment assembly simulations. Since the RBD domain of spike exhibits different conformations relative to the remaining portion of . CC-BY 4.0	4.888005256652832	11.814342498779297	4
Proteome Profile of Swine Testicular Cells Infected with Porcine Transmissible Gastroenteritis Coronavirus. The interactions occurring between a virus and a host cell during a viral infection are complex. The purpose of this paper was to analyze altered cellular protein levels in porcine transmissible gastroenteritis coronavirus (TGEV)-infected swine testicular (ST) cells in order to determine potential virus-host interactions. A proteomic approach using isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ)-coupled two-dimensional liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry identification was conducted on the TGEV-infected ST cells. The results showed that the 4-plex iTRAQ-based quantitative approach identified 4,112 proteins, of which showed significant changes in expression h after infection. At h post infection, of these proteins showed significant change, further indicating that a larger number of proteomic changes appear to occur during the later stages of infection. Gene ontology analysis of the altered proteins showed enrichment in multiple biological processes, including cell adhesion, response to stress, generation of precursor metabolites and energy, cell motility, protein complex assembly, growth, developmental maturation, immune system process, extracellular matrix organization, locomotion, cell-cell signaling, neurological system process, and cell junction organization. Changes in the expression levels of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-b1), caspase-8, and heat shock protein alpha (HSP90a) were also verified by western blot analysis. To our knowledge, this study is the first time the response profile of ST host cells following TGEV infection has been analyzed using iTRAQ technology, and our description of the late proteomic changes that are occurring after the time of vigorous viral production are novel. Therefore, this study provides a solid foundation for further investigation, and will likely help us to better understand the mechanisms of TGEV infection and pathogenesis.	11.165925025939941	27.757591247558594	11
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial testing inhaled nitric oxide therapy in spontaneously breathing patients with COVID-19. Introduction: the current worldwide outbreak of Coronavirus disease due to a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is seriously threatening the public health. The number of infected patients is continuously increasing and the need for Intensive Care Unit admission ranges from to 26%. The mortality is reported to be around 3.4% with higher values for the elderly and in patients with comorbidities. Moreover, this condition is challenging the healthcare system where the outbreak reached its highest value. To date there is still no available treatment for SARS-CoV-2. Clinical and preclinical evidence suggests that nitric oxide (NO) has a beneficial effect on the coronavirusmediated acute respiratory syndrome, and this can be related to its viricidal effect. The time from the symptoms' onset to the development of severe respiratory distress is relatively long. We hypothesize that high concentrations of inhaled NO administered during early phases of COVID-19 infection can prevent the progression of the disease.	7.937531471252441	-17.877962112426758	7
Pseudomonas aeruginosa lectin LecB impairs keratinocyte fitness by abrogating growth factor signalling. Lectins are glycan-binding proteins with no catalytic activity and ubiquitously expressed in nature. Numerous bacteria employ lectins to efficiently bind to epithelia, thus facilitating tissue colonisation. Wounded skin is one of the preferred niches for Pseudomonas aeruginosa, which has developed diverse strategies to impair tissue repair processes and promote infection. Here, we analyse the effect of the P. aeruginosa fucose-binding lectin LecB on human keratinocytes and demonstrate that it triggers events in the host, upon binding to fucosylated residues on cell membrane receptors, that extend beyond its role as an adhesion molecule. We found that LecB associates with several growth factor receptors and dampens their signalling pathways, leading to the arrest of cell cycle. Additionally, we describe a novel LecB-triggered mechanism to downregulate host cell receptors by showing that LecB leads to insulin-like growth factor receptor internalisation, without receptor activation, and subsequent missorting towards intracellular endosomal compartments. Overall, these data highlight that LecB is a multitask virulence factor that, through subversion of several host pathways, has a profound impact on keratinocyte proliferation and survival.	3.802546262741089	32.5926513671875	0
Psychological responses, behavioral changes and public perceptions during the early phase of the COVID-19 outbreak in China: a population based cross-sectional survey. Objective: To investigate psychological and behavioral responses to the threat of SARS-CoV-2 infections and their associations with public perceptions in China Design: Cross sectional population-based telephone survey via random digital dialing between and February, Setting: Wuhan (the epicentre and quarantined city), and Shanghai (a typical major city with close transportation link with Wuhan) Participants: Random sample of residents in Wuhan and residents in Shanghai aged above Main outcome measures: Anxiety (measured by the 7-item generalized anxiety disorder [GAD-7] scale), recommended and avoidance behaviors (engaged in all six behaviors such as increasing surface cleaning and reducing going out). Results: The prevalence rates of moderate or severe anxiety (score ≥10 on GAD-7) were 32.7% (n=167) among Wuhan participants and 20.4% (n=102) among Shanghai participants. 78.6% (n=401) of Wuhan participants and 63.9% (n=320) of Shanghai participants had carried out all six precautionary behaviors. For both measures, Wuhan participants were more responsive to the outbreak (p<0.001). Controlling for personal characteristics, logistic regression results suggested that risks of moderate or severe anxiety were positively associated with perceived susceptibility (odds ratio 1.6, 95% confidence interval 1.3-1.8) and severity of the disease (1.6, 1.4-1.9) and confusion about information reliability (1.6, 1.5-1.9). Having confidence in taking measures to protect oneself against the disease was associated with a lower risk (0.6, 0.5-0.7). The strongest predictor of behavioral change was perceived severity (1.2, 1.1-1.4) , followed by confusion about information reliability (1.1, 1.0-1.3). Conclusions: Psychological and behavioral responses to COVID-19 have been dramatic during the rising phase of the outbreak. Our results support efforts for timely dissemination of accurate and reliable information to address the high anxiety level. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-13.19051456451416	-41.34457015991211	9
Public Exposure to Live Animals, Behavioural Change, and Support in Containment Measures in response to COVID-19 Outbreak: a population-based cross sectional survey in China. Word count (main text): : medRxiv preprint The public responded quickly to the outbreak, and reduced exposure to live animals, especially in Wuhan. With high public support in containment measures, better regulation of wet markets and healthy diets should be promoted.	-21.44338035583496	-37.28652572631836	2
Public Health Responses to and Challenges for the Control of Dengue Transmission in High-Income Countries: Four Case Studies. Dengue has a negative impact in low-and lower middle-income countries, but also affects upper middle-and high-income countries. Despite the efforts at controlling this disease, it is unclear why dengue remains an issue in affluent countries. A better understanding of dengue epidemiology and its burden, and those of chikungunya virus and Zika virus which share vectors with dengue, is required to prevent the emergence of these diseases in highincome countries in the future. The purpose of this review was to assess the relative burden of dengue in four high-income countries and to appraise the similarities and differences in dengue transmission. We searched PubMed, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar using specific keywords for articles published up to May 2016. We found that outbreaks rarely occur where only Aedes albopictus is present. The main similarities between countries uncovered by our review are the proximity to dengue-endemic countries, the presence of a competent mosquito vector, a largely nonimmune population, and a lack of citizens' engagement in control of mosquito breeding. We identified important epidemiological and environmental issues including the increase of local transmission despite control efforts, population growth, difficulty locating larval sites, and increased human mobility from neighboring endemic countries. Budget cuts in health and lack of practical vaccines contribute to an increased risk. To be successful, dengue-control programs for high-income countries must consider the epidemiology of dengue in other countries and use this information to minimize virus importation, improve the control of the cryptic larval habitat, and engage the community in reducing vector breeding. Finally, the presence of a communicable disease center is critical for managing and reducing future disease risks. PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases |	-16.815555572509766	-30.396717071533203	2
Quantifying bias of COVID-19 prevalence and severity estimates in Wuhan, China that depend on reported cases in international travelers. Risk of COVID-19 infection in Wuhan has been estimated using imported case counts of international travelers, often under the assumption that all cases in travelers are ascertained. Recent work indicates variation among countries in detection capacity for imported cases. Singapore has historically had very strong epidemiological surveillance and contact-tracing capacity and has shown in the COVID-19 epidemic evidence of a high sensitivity of case detection. We therefore used a Bayesian modeling approach to estimate the relative imported case detection capacity for other countries compared to that of Singapore. We estimate that the global ability to detect imported cases is 38% (95% HPDI 22% -64%) of Singapore's capacity. Equivalently, an estimate of 2.8 (95% HPDI 1.5 -4.4) times the current number of imported cases, could have been detected, if all countries had had the same detection capacity as Singapore. Using the second component of the Global Health Security index to stratify likely case-detection capacities, we found that the ability to detect imported cases relative to Singapore among high surveillance locations is 40% (95% HPDI 22% -67%), among intermediate surveillance locations it is 37% (95% HPDI 18% -68%), and among low surveillance locations it is 11% (95% HPDI 0% -42%). Using a simple mathematical model, we further find that treating all travelers as if they were residents (rather than accounting for the brief stay of some of these travelers in Wuhan) can modestly contribute to underestimation of prevalence as well. We conclude that estimates of case counts in Wuhan based on assumptions of perfect detection in travelers . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint term can be well approximated as We plot this approximation of V given doubling times . V ≈ − e −(r+γ)d aligned with , a range of durations of detectable infection and a range of lengths of stay ( Figure ). We estimate that the global ability to detect imported cases is 38% ( 95% HPDI 22% -64%) of Singapore's capacity. Equivalently, an estimate of 2.8 (95% HPDI 1.5 -4.4) times the current number of imported cases, could have been detected, if all countries had had the same detection capacity as Singapore, which leads to 1.8 (95% CI 0.5 -3.4) undetected cases per detected case. The ability to detect imported cases among high surveillance countries is 40% (95% HPDI 22% -67%), among intermediate surveillance countries it is 37% (95% HPDI 18% -68%), and among low surveillance countries it is 11% (95% HPDI 0% -42%). : medRxiv preprint In this paper, we have aimed to test two assumptions underlying the estimation of incidence at the epicentre of the SARS-Cov2 outbreak. The first of these is that the capacity for detection of international imported cases is 100% sensitive and specific across locations. While we know of no reason to doubt specificity of detection, we tested the assumption of perfect sensitivity. Based on our previous estimates we assumed Singapore has the highest capacity of surveillance with respect to COVID-19. We regressed the cumulative cases against Wuhan-to-location air travel volume considering Singapore to have the greatest detection capacity and estimating the relative underdetection compared to Singapore in the remaining locations classified according to the GHS index . While it is unlikely that this index reflects the true ranking of countries for any specific epidemic, such as the current one of COVID-19, we assume that it captures different levels of surveillance capacity. We therefore grouped the remaining locations into three big classes high, medium, and low surveillance capacity instead of using exact ranking. We estimated that detection of exported cases from Wuhan worldwide is 38% (95% HPDI 22%-64%) as sensitive as it has been in Singapore. Put another way, this implies that the true number of cases in travelers is at least 2.8 (95% HPDI 1.5 -4.4) times the number that has been detected. Equivalently, for each detected case there are at least 1.8 (95% CI 0.5-3.4) undetected cases. If the model is correct, this is an upper bound on the detection frequency because (1) Singapore's detection is probably not 100% efficient. Singapore had as of February eight	-13.040218353271484	-34.25680160522461	2
Quantifying dynamics of SARS-CoV-2 transmission suggests that epidemic control and avoidance is feasible through instantaneous digital contact tracing. Mobile phone apps implementing algorithmic contact tracing can speed up the process of tracing newly diagnosed individuals, spreading information instantaneously back through a past contact network to inform them that they are at risk of being infected, and thus allow them to take appropriate social distancing and testing measures. The aim of non-pharmaceutical infection prevention is to move a population towards herd protection, a state where a population maintains R <1, thus making it impossible for a pathogen to cause an epidemic. Here, we address epidemiological issues that affect the feasibility of an algorithmic approach to instantaneous contact tracing; ethical and implementation issues are addressed separately. First we quantify the parameters of COVID-19 in a framework that is consistent with the renewal equation formulation of epidemic spread. Second, we use an analytical solution to application of first-degree contact tracing in the renewal equation model to explore combinations of efficacy that can induce herd protection (R <1). With the emergence of the novel viral pathogen SARS-CoV-2, of clear potential for a global pandemic with high fatality rates and incapacitated health systems, the question of prevention has critical priority. We come to the conclusion that isolating symptomatic cases and tracing their contacts in a classical manner is not sufficiently fast to stop the spread of the epidemic and needs to be accompanied by measures of social distancing that are disruptive to a wide number of people. We show that first-degree instantaneous contact tracing, informing users when they can move safely or when to seek medical help and avoid vulnerable individuals, has the potential to stop the spread of the epidemic if used by a sufficiently large number of people with reasonable fidelity. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-19.301877975463867	-21.235332489013672	2
Quantifying the Risk and Cost of Active Monitoring for Infectious Diseases. During outbreaks of deadly emerging pathogens (e.g., Ebola, MERS-CoV) and bioterror threats (e.g., smallpox), actively monitoring potentially infected individuals aims to limit disease transmission and morbidity. Guidance issued by CDC on active monitoring was a cornerstone of its response to the West Africa Ebola outbreak. There are limited data on how to balance the costs and performance of this important public health activity. We present a framework that estimates the risks and costs of specific durations of active monitoring for pathogens of significant public health concern. We analyze data from New York City's Ebola active monitoring program over a 16-month period in 2014-2016. For monitored individuals, we identified unique durations of active monitoring that minimize expected costs for those at "low (but not zero) risk" and "some	-20.585134506225586	-24.75775146484375	2
Quantifying the success of measles vaccination campaigns in the Rohingya refugee camps. In the wake of the Rohingya population's mass migration from Myanmar, one of the world's largest refugee settlements was constructed in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh to accommodate nearly 900,000 new refugees. Refugee populations are particularly vulnerable to infectious disease outbreaks due to many population and environmental factors. A large measles outbreak, with over 2,500 cases, occurred among the Rohingya population between September and December 2017. Here, we estimate key epidemiological parameters and use a dynamic mathematical model of measles transmission to evaluate the effectiveness of the reactive vaccination campaigns in the refugee camps. We also estimate the potential for subsequent outbreaks under different vaccination coverage scenarios. Our modeling results highlight the success of the vaccination campaigns in rapidly curbing transmission and emphasize the public health importance of maintaining high levels of vaccination in this population, where high birth rates and historically low vaccination coverage rates create suitable conditions for future measles outbreaks.	-15.545268058776855	-29.66897201538086	2
Quantitative Delineation of Herpesviruses in Bats for use in Ecological Studies. Public health concerns about recent viral epidemics have motivated researchers to seek transdisciplinary understanding of infection in wildlife hosts. With its deep history devoted to explaining the abundance and distribution of organisms, ecology can augment current methods for studying viral dynamics. However, datasets allowing ecological explorations of viral communities are lacking, and common methods for delineating viral operational taxonomic units (OTUs), or "species", are subjective. Here, we comprehensively sampled 1,086 bats from two Puerto Rican caves and tested them for infection with herpesviruses. Using percent identity of nucleotides and a machine learning algorithm, we categorized herpesviruses into OTUs, representing approximately 80% of all herpesviruses in the host community. Although OTUs were detected in multiple host species, OTUs generally exhibited host specificity by infecting a core host species at a significantly higher prevalence than in all other species combined. Only two OTUs showed significantly different prevalence between host sexes. This work is the first exploration of viral community ecology in a community of wildlife hosts. Lipkin WI (2013) A strategy to estimate unknown viral diversity in mammals. mBio 4: e00598-13.	-3.193864107131958	4.650755882263184	5
RBD mutations from circulating SARS-CoV-2 strains enhance the structure stability and infectivity of the spike protein 3. A novel zoonotic coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 is associated with the current global pandemic of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19). Bats and pangolins are suspected as the reservoir and the intermediate host. The receptor binding domain (RBD) of the SARS-CoV-2 S protein plays the key role in the tight binding to human ACE2 for viral entry. In this study, we analyzed the worldwide RBD mutations and found mutants under high positive selection pressure during the spread. The equilibrium dissociation constant (K D ) of three RBD mutants emerging in Wuhan, Shenzhen, Hong Kong and France were two orders of magnitude lower than the prototype Wuhan-Hu-1 strain due to the stabilization of the beta-sheet scaffold of the RBD. This indicated that the mutated viruses have evolved to acquire remarkably increased infectivity. Five France isolates and one Hong Kong isolate shared the same RBD mutation enhancing the binding affinity, which suggested that they may have originated as a novel sub-lineage. The K D values for the bat and the pangolin SARS-like CoV RBDs indicated that it would be difficult and unlikely for this bat SARS-like CoV to infect humans; however, the pangolin CoV is potentially infectious to humans with respect to its RBD. These analyses of critical mutations of the RBD provide further insights into the molecular evolution of SARS-CoV-2, presumably while under selection pressure. This enhancement of the SARS-CoV-2 binding affinity to its host receptor ACE2 reveals a higher risk of more severe infections during a sustained pandemic of COVID-19 if no effective precautions are implemented. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 Keywords: SARS-CoV-2, ACE2, RBD, spike glycoprotein protein, mutations, infectivity, receptor binding dynamics Introduction A novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 has caused the outbreaks of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) all over the world since the first appearance in mid-December in Wuhan, Central China 1-4 . Up to March 11, 2020, SARS-CoV-2 has infected more than 120,000 people world-wide, causing more than 4,600 deaths with the mortality rate of 3.69% . The origin of SARS-CoV-2 remains elusive. However, the initial cases were largely associated with the seafood market, which indicated this were potential zoonotic infections . Although bats and pangolins are most likely the reservoir hosts and the intermediate hosts in the wild, more evidences are in need to support the zoonotic infections and track the origin of this new coronavirus 6-8 . The angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) has been proven to the cellular receptor of SARS-CoV-2, which is the same receptor of SARS-CoV. The spike glycoprotein protein (S) of SARS-CoV-2 recognizes and attaches ACE2 when the viruses infect the cells. S protein consists of a receptor-binding subunit S1 and a membrane-fusion subunit S2. Previous studies revealed that the S1 binds to a receptor on the host cell surface for viral attachment, and S2 fuses the host and viral membranes, allowing viral genomes enter host cells 9-12 . The receptor binding domain (RBD) of the subunit S1 directly interact with ACE2 , while the other part of the S protein do not. This RBD alone is sufficient for tight binding to the peptidase domain of ACE2. Therefore, RBD is the critical determinant of virus-receptor interaction and thus of viral host range, tropism and infectivity 9,13,14 . Meanwhile, S protein participates in antigen recognition expressed on its protein surface, likely to be immunogenic as for carrying both T-cell and B-cell epitopes. The potential antibody binding sites that have been identified indicates RBD has important B-cell epitopes. The main antibody binding site substantially overlaps with RBD, and the antibody binding to this surface is likely to block viral entry into cells 15,16 . The amino acid mutations and recombination in the RBD of different host origin coronaviruses are deemed to be associated with the host adaption and across species infection. Recently research indicates that the recombination and a cleavage site insertion in the RBD may increase the virus infectivity and replication capacity . The RBD sequences of different SARS-CoV-2 viruses spreading in the world are conserved. However, mutations in RBD still appeared, which might relate to the progression of the infectivity of this virus. To invest whether these mutations in RBD have enhanced or weakened the receptor binding activity and if the viruses is becoming more aggressive and spreading more quickly, we investigated and compared the exact receptor binding dynamics between the SARS-CoV-2 RBDs of all the newly mutated strains and ACE2 of humans as well as their potential hosts such as bats and pangolins.	8.918914794921875	13.452526092529297	4
REPROGRAMMED PTEROPUS BAT STEM CELLS PRESENT DISTINCT IMMUNE SIGNATURE AND ARE HIGHLY PERMISSIVE FOR HENIPAVIRUSES Summary sentence: Somatic reprogramming provides new bat stem cells with unique immune. Bats are unique among mammals due to the ability of powered flight and exceptional longevity. They are also asymptomatic hosts for numerous viruses, including recently emerged zoonotic Henipaviruses Nipah and Hendra, which are highly pathogenic for humans and other mammals. Better understanding of how bats control viral infection requires development of relevant permissive cellular experimental models. By applying a somatic reprogramming protocol to Pteropus bat primary cells, using a novel combination of ESRRB, CDX2, and c-MYC transcription factors, we generated bat reprogrammed cells exhibiting stem cell-like characteristics and a neural stem cell-like molecular signature. These cells present a unique interferon-stimulated transcriptomic signature and both produce and respond to interferon type-I, highlighting differences between stem cells from bats and other mammals. In contrast to primary bat cells, these reprogrammed cells are highly susceptible to infection by Henipavirus, thereby enabling isolation of new bat viruses, study of virus-bat interactions, and better understanding of bat biology.	8.468502044677734	30.737825393676758	0
RIEMS: a software pipeline for sensitive and comprehensive taxonomic classification of reads from metagenomics datasets. Background: Fuelled by the advent and subsequent development of next generation sequencing technologies, metagenomics became a powerful tool for the analysis of microbial communities both scientifically and diagnostically. The biggest challenge is the extraction of relevant information from the huge sequence datasets generated for metagenomics studies. Although a plethora of tools are available, data analysis is still a bottleneck. Results: To overcome the bottleneck of data analysis, we developed an automated computational workflow called RIEMS -Reliable Information Extraction from Metagenomic Sequence datasets. RIEMS assigns every individual read sequence within a dataset taxonomically by cascading different sequence analyses with decreasing stringency of the assignments using various software applications. After completion of the analyses, the results are summarised in a clearly structured result protocol organised taxonomically. The high accuracy and performance of RIEMS analyses were proven in comparison with other tools for metagenomics data analysis using simulated sequencing read datasets. Conclusions: RIEMS has the potential to fill the gap that still exists with regard to data analysis for metagenomics studies. The usefulness and power of RIEMS for the analysis of genuine sequencing datasets was demonstrated with an early version of RIEMS in when it was used to detect the orthobunyavirus sequences leading to the discovery of Schmallenberg virus.	-9.81985092163086	-1.2995988130569458	6
RO 90-7501 Enhances TLR3 and RLR Agonist Induced Antiviral Response. Recognition of virus infection by innate pattern recognition receptors (PRRs), including membrane-associated toll-like receptors (TLR) and cytoplasmic RIG-I-like receptors (RLR), activates cascades of signal transduction pathways leading to production of type I interferons (IFN) and proinflammatory cytokines that orchestrate the elimination of the viruses. Although it has been demonstrated that PRR-mediated innate immunity plays an essential role in defending virus from infection, it also occasionally results in overwhelming production of proinflammatory cytokines that cause severe inflammation, blood vessel leakage and tissue damage. In our efforts to identify small molecules that selectively enhance PRR-mediated antiviral, but not the detrimental inflammatory response, we discovered a compound, RO 90-7501 ('2'-(4-Aminophenyl)-[2,59-bi-1H-benzimidazol]-5-amine), that significantly promoted both TLR3 and RLR ligand-induced IFNb gene expression and antiviral response, most likely via selective activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway. Our results thus imply that pharmacological modulation of PRR signal transduction pathways in favor of the induction of a beneficial antiviral response can be a novel therapeutic strategy.	4.617290496826172	37.03816223144531	0
Rabies-based vaccine induces potent immune responses against Nipah virus. Nipah Virus (NiV) is a re-emerging zoonotic pathogen in the genus Henipavirus of the Paramyxoviridae family of viruses. NiV is endemic to Bangladesh and Malaysia and is highly fatal to both livestock and humans (human case fatality rate = 74.5%). Currently, there is no approved vaccine against NiV on the market. The goal of this study was to use a recombinant RABV vector expressing NiV glycoprotein (NiV G) to develop a bivalent candidate vaccine against NiV disease and rabies virus (RABV) disease, which is also a significant health burden in the regions where NiV is endemic. The rabies vector is a well-established vaccine strain that lacks neurovirulence and can stably expresses foreign antigens that are immunogenic in various animal models. Mice inoculated intranasally with the live recombinant RABV/NiV vaccine (NIPARAB) showed no signs of disease. To test the immunogenicity of the vaccine candidate, groups of C57BL/6 mice were immunized intramuscularly with a single dose of live vaccine particles or two doses of chemically inactivated viral particles. Both vaccination groups showed NiV G-specific seroconversion, and the inactivated (INAC) vaccine group yielded higher titers of NiV G-specific antibodies. Furthermore, cross-reactivity of NiV G-specific immune sera against Hendra virus (HeV), was confirmed by immunofluorescence (IF) and indirect ELISA against soluble recombinant HeV glycoprotein (HeV G). Both live and killed vaccines induced neutralizing antibodies. These results indicate that NIPARAB may be used as a killed virus vaccine to protect humans against NiV and RABV, and possibly as a preventative measure against HeV as well. npj Vaccines (2019) 4:15 ;	22.756938934326172	19.173860549926758	10
Rapid Detection of Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) by Reverse Transcription- Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification. Novel Corona virus (COVID-19 or 2019-nCoV) is an emerging global health concern that requires a rapid diagnostic test. Quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) is currently the standard for COVID-19 detection; however, Reverse Transcription Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification (RT-LAMP) may allow for faster and cheaper field based testing at point-of-risk. The objective of this study was to develop a rapid screening diagnostic test that could be completed in under minutes. Simulated patient samples were generated by spiking serum, urine, saliva, oropharyngeal swabs, and nasopharyngeal swabs with a portion of the COVID-19 nucleic sequence. The samples were tested using RT-LAMP as well as by conventional qRT-PCR. Specificity of the RT-LAMP was evaluated by also testing against other related coronaviruses. RT-LAMP specifically detected COVID-19 in simulated patient samples. This test was performed in under minutes. This approach could be used for monitoring of exposed individuals or potentially aid with screening efforts in the field and potential ports of entry. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	1.8487613201141357	-3.0961384773254395	6
Rapid Detection of Novel Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 Using a CRISPR-based DETECTR Lateral Flow Assay 3.	3.2273080348968506	-1.8575046062469482	1
Rapid Molecular Detection of SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) Virus RNA Using Colorimetric LAMP. The ability to detect an infectious agent in a widespread epidemic is crucial to the success of quarantine efforts in addition to sensitive and accurate screening of potential cases of infection from patients in a clinical setting. Enabling testing outside of sophisticated laboratories broadens the scope of control and surveillance efforts, but also requires robust and simple methods that can be used without expensive instrumentation. Here we report a method to identify SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) virus RNA from purified RNA or cell lysis using loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) using a visual, colorimetric detection. This test was additionally verified using RNA samples purified from respiratory swabs collected from COVID-19 patients in Wuhan, China with equivalent performance to a commercial RT-qPCR test while requiring only heating and visual inspection. This simple and sensitive method provides an opportunity to facilitate virus detection in the field without a requirement for complex diagnostic infrastructure. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	0.8744478821754456	-3.2993252277374268	6
Rapid Screening for Entry Inhibitors of Highly Pathogenic Viruses under Low-Level Biocontainment. Emerging viruses including Nipah, Hendra, Lujo, and Junin viruses have enormous potential to spread rapidly. Nipah virus, after emerging as a zoonosis, has also evolved the capacity for human-to-human transmission. Most of the diseases caused by these pathogens are untreatable and require high biocontainment conditions. Universal methods for rapidly identifying and screening candidate antivirals are urgently needed. We have developed a modular antiviral platform strategy that relies on simple bioinformatic and genetic information about each pathogen. Central to this platform is the use of envelope glycoprotein cDNAs to establish multi-cycle replication systems under BSL2 conditions for viral pathogens that normally require BSL3 and BSL4 facilities. We generated monoclonal antibodies against Nipah G by cDNA immunization in rats, and we showed that these antibodies neutralize both Nipah and Hendra live viruses. We then used these effective Henipavirus inhibitors to validate our screening strategy. Our proposed strategy should contribute to the response capability for emerging infectious diseases, providing a way to initiate antiviral development immediately upon identifying novel viruses.	0.8864765763282776	6.62485933303833	10
Rapid Therapeutic Recommendations in the Context of a Global Public Health Crisis using Translational Bioinformatics Approaches: A proof-of-concept study using Nipah Virus Infection. We live in a world of emerging new diseases and old diseases resurging in more aggressive forms. Drug development by pharmaceutical companies is a market-driven and costly endeavor, and thus it is often a challenge when drugs are needed for diseases endemic only to certain regions or which affect only a few patients. However, biomedical open data is accessible and reusable for reanalysis and generation of a new hypotheses and discovery. In this study, we leverage biomedical data and tools to analyze available data on Nipah Virus (NiV) infection. NiV infection is an emerging zoonosis that is transmissible to humans and is associated with high mortality rates. In this study, explored the application of computational drug repositioning and chemogenomic enrichment analyses using host transcriptome data to match drugs that could reverse the virus-induced gene signature. We performed analyses using two gene signatures: i) A previously published gene signature (n=34), and ii) a gene signature generated using the characteristic direction method (n= 5,533). Our predictive framework suggests that several drugs including FDA approved therapies like beclometasone, trihexyphenidyl, S-propranolol etc. could modulate the NiV infection induced gene signatures in endothelial cells. A target specific analysis of CXCL10 also suggests the potential application of Eldelumab, an investigative therapy for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, as a putative candidate for drug repositioning. To conclude, we also discuss challenges and opportunities in clinical trials (n-of-1 and adaptive trials) for repositioned drugs. Further follow-up studies including biochemical assays and clinical trials are required to identify effective therapies for clinical use. Our proof-of-concept study highlights that translational bioinformatics methods including gene expression analyses and computational drug repositioning could augment epidemiological investigations in the context of an emerging disease with no effective treatment.	-10.60922908782959	3.68518328666687	6
Rapid colorimetric detection of COVID-19 coronavirus using a reverse tran- scriptional loop-mediated isothermal amplification (RT-LAMP) diagnostic plat- form: iLACO. The recent outbreak of a novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (also known as 2019-nCoV) threatens global health, given serious cause for concern. SARS-CoV-2 is a human-to-human pathogen that caused fever, severe respiratory disease and pneumonia (known as COVID-19). By press time, more than 70,000 infected people had been confirmed worldwide. SARS-CoV-2 is very similar to the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus broke out years ago. However, it has increased transmissibility as compared with the SARS-CoV, e.g. very often infected individuals without any symptoms could still transfer the virus to others. It is thus urgent to develop a rapid, accurate and onsite diagnosis methods in order to effectively identify these early infects, treat them on time and control the disease spreading. Here we developed an isothermal LAMP based method-iLACO (isothermal LAMP based method for COVID-19) to amplify a fragment of the ORF1ab gene using primers. We assured the species-specificity of iLACO by comparing the sequences of related viruses by BLAST (including similar coronaviruses, influenza viruses and normal coronaviruses). The sensitivity is comparable to Taqman based qPCR detection method, detecting synthesized RNA equivalent to copies of 2019-nCoV virus. Reaction time varied from 15-40 minutes, depending on the loading of virus in the collected samples. The accuracy, simplicity and versatility of the new developed method suggests that iLACO assays can be conveniently applied with for 2019-nCoV threat control, even in those cases where specialized molecular biology equipment is not available.	1.972406029701233	-2.172762155532837	4
Rapid detection of respiratory organisms with FilmArray respiratory panel and its impact on clinical decisions in Shanghai. In this study, we evaluated the diagnostic potential and clinical impact of an automated multiplex PCR platform (the FilmArray Respiratory Panel; FA-RP), specially designed for pathogen detection in respiratory tract infections in adults with unexplained pneumonia (UP).	4.933626651763916	-8.79549503326416	7
Rapid metagenomic characterization of a case of imported COVID-19 in Cambodia. Rapid production and publication of pathogen genome sequences during emerging disease outbreaks provide crucial public health information. In resource-limited settings, especially near an outbreak epicenter, conventional deep sequencing or bioinformatics are often challenging. Here we successfully used metagenomic next generation sequencing on an iSeq100 Illumina platform paired with an open-source bioinformatics pipeline to quickly characterize Cambodia's first case of COVID-	2.4164130687713623	0.5359237790107727	6
Rational Design of a Live Attenuated Dengue Vaccine: 29-O-Methyltransferase Mutants Are Highly Attenuated and Immunogenic in Mice and Macaques. Dengue virus is transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes and infects at least million people every year. Progressive urbanization in Asia and South-Central America and the geographic expansion of Aedes mosquito habitats have accelerated the global spread of dengue, resulting in a continuously increasing number of cases. A cost-effective, safe vaccine conferring protection with ideally a single injection could stop dengue transmission. Current vaccine candidates require several booster injections or do not provide protection against all four serotypes. Here we demonstrate that dengue virus mutants lacking 29-O-methyltransferase activity are highly sensitive to type I IFN inhibition. The mutant viruses are attenuated in mice and rhesus monkeys and elicit a strong adaptive immune response. Monkeys immunized with a single dose of 29-Omethyltransferase mutant virus showed 100% sero-conversion even when a dose as low as 1,000 plaque forming units was administrated. Animals were fully protected against a homologous challenge. Furthermore, mosquitoes feeding on blood containing the mutant virus were not infected, whereas those feeding on blood containing wild-type virus were infected and thus able to transmit it. These results show the potential of 29-O-methyltransferase mutant virus as a safe, rationally designed dengue vaccine that restrains itself due to the increased susceptibility to the host's innate immune response.	21.743309020996094	19.546985626220703	10
Rational evaluation of various epidemic models based on the COVID-19 data of China. medRxiv preprint SEIR-PO models generally show a better performance than SIR, SEIR and SEIR-AHQ models on the COVID-19 epidemics, whose success could be attributed to the inclusion of self-protection and quarantine, and a proper trade-off between model complexity and fitting accuracy.	-6.88524055480957	-17.298181533813477	3
Real-Time Estimation of the Risk of Death from Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Infection: Inference Using Exported Cases. The exported cases of novel coronavirus infection that were confirmed outside of China provide an opportunity to estimate the cumulative incidence and confirmed case fatality risk (cCFR) in mainland China. Knowledge of the cCFR is critical to characterize the severity and understand the pandemic potential of COVID-19 in the early stage of the epidemic. Using the exponential growth rate of the incidence, the present study statistically estimated the cCFR and the basic reproduction number-the average number of secondary cases generated by a single primary case in a naïve population. We modeled epidemic growth either from a single index case with illness onset on December, (Scenario 1), or using the growth rate fitted along with the other parameters (Scenario 2) based on data from exported cases reported by January, 2020. The cumulative incidence in China by January was estimated at cases (95% CI: 4885, 9211) and 19,289 cases (95% CI: 10,901, 30,158), respectively. The latest estimated values of the cCFR were 5.3% (95% CI: 3.5%, 7.5%) for Scenario and 8.4% (95% CI: 5.3%, 12.3%) for Scenario 2. The basic reproduction number was estimated to be 2.1 (95% CI: 2.0, 2.2) and 3.2 (95% CI: 2.7, 3.7) for Scenarios and 2, respectively. Based on these results, we argued that the current COVID-19 epidemic has a substantial potential for causing a pandemic. The proposed approach provides insights in early risk assessment using publicly available data.	-8.249199867248535	-35.16959762573242	3
Real-time projections of epidemic transmission and estimation of vaccination impact during an Ebola virus disease outbreak in Northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo. Background: As of February 25, 2019, cases of Ebola virus disease (EVD) were reported in North Kivu and Ituri Provinces, Democratic Republic of Congo. Since the beginning of October, the outbreak has largely shifted into regions in which active armed conflict has occurred, and in which EVD cases and their contacts have been difficult for health workers to reach. We used available data on the current outbreak with case-count time series from prior outbreaks to project the short-term and long-term course of the outbreak. Methods: For short-and long-term projections, we modeled Ebola virus transmission using a stochastic branching process that assumes gradually quenching transmission rates estimated from past EVD outbreaks, with outbreak trajectories conditioned on agreement with the course of the current outbreak, and with multiple levels of vaccination coverage. We used two regression models to estimate similar projection periods. Short-and long-term projections were estimated using negative binomial autoregression and Theil-Sen regression, respectively. We also used Gott's rule to estimate a baseline minimum-information projection. We then constructed an ensemble of forecasts to be compared and recorded for future evaluation against final outcomes. From August 20, to February 25, 2019, short-term model projections were validated against known case counts. Results: During validation of short-term projections, from one week to four weeks, we found models consistently scored higher on shorter-term forecasts. Based on case counts as of February 25, the stochastic model projected a median case count of cases by February (95% prediction interval: 872-1054) and cases by March (95% prediction interval: 874-1105), while the auto-regression model projects median case counts of (95% prediction interval: 876-933) and (95% prediction interval: 877-983) cases for those dates, respectively. Projected median final counts range from to 1,749. Although the outbreak is already larger than all past Ebola outbreaks other than the 2013-2016 outbreak of over 26,000 cases, our models do not project that it is likely to grow to that scale. The stochastic model estimates that vaccination coverage in this outbreak is lower than reported in its trial setting in Sierra Leone. Conclusions: Our projections are concentrated in a range up to about cases beyond those already reported. While a catastrophic outbreak is not projected, it is not ruled out, and prevention and vigilance are warranted. Prospective validation of our models in real time allowed us to generate more accurate short-term forecasts, and this process may prove useful for future real-time short-term forecasting. We estimate that transmission rates are higher than would be seen under target levels of 62% coverage due to contact tracing and vaccination, and this model estimate may offer a surrogate indicator for the outbreak response challenges. Author summary Kivu and Ituri Provinces, Democratic Republic of Congo. Since the beginning of October 2018, the outbreak has largely shifted into regions in which active armed conflict has been reported, and in which EVD cases and their contacts have been difficult for health workers to reach. We used an ensemble of models to estimate EVD transmission rates and to forecast the short-and long-term course of the outbreak. Our models project that a final size of roughly up to additional cases is most likely, and estimate that transmission rates are higher than would be seen under optimal levels of contact tracing and vaccination. While a catastrophic outbreak is not projected, is it not ruled out, and prevention and vigilance are warranted. and identified the initial epicenter to be Mabalako. This region of DRC (Fig 1) has over five million inhabitants, some of whom suffer from armed conflict, humanitarian crisis, and displacement to the bordering countries of Uganda and Rwanda [2]. Since the outbreak began, its magnitude has surpassed all other EVD outbreaks in DRC, becoming the second largest in history to date. As of February 25, 2019, EVD cases had been reported (65 probable and confirmed), and the Ministry of Health of DRC,	-13.242137908935547	-29.870723724365234	2
Recapitulation of SARS-CoV-2 Infection and Cholangiocyte Damage with Human Liver Organoids 3. bioRxiv preprint findings also provide an application of human organoids in investigating the tropism and pathogenesis of SARS-CoV-2, which would facilitate novel drug discovery.	11.390108108520508	17.316774368286133	4
Recombinant baculovirus expressing the FrC-OVA protein induces protective antitumor immunity in an EG7-OVA mouse model. Background: The baculovirus (BV) Autographa californica multiple nuclear polyhedrosis virus has been used in numerous protein expression systems because of its ability to infect insect cells and serves as a useful vaccination vector with several benefits, such as its low clinical risks and posttranslational modification ability. We recently reported that dendritic cells (DCs) infected with BV stimulated antitumor immunity. The recombinant BV (rBV) also strongly stimulated peptide-specific T-cells and antitumor immunity. In this study, the stimulation of an immune response against EG7-OVA tumors in mice by a recombinant baculovirus-based combination vaccine expressing fragment C-ovalbumin (FrC-OVA-BV; rBV) was evaluated. Results: We constructed an rBV expressing fragment C (FrC) of tetanus toxin containing a promiscuous MHC IIbinding sequence and a p30-ovalbumin (OVA) peptide that functions in the MHC I pathway. The results showed that rBV activated the CD8 + T-cell-mediated response much more efficiently than the wild-type BV (wtBV). Experiments with EG7-OVA tumor mouse models showed that rBV significantly decreased tumor volume and increased survival compared with those in the wild-type BV or FrC-OVA DNA vaccine groups. In addition, a significant antitumor effect of classic prophylactic or therapeutic vaccinations was observed for rBV against EG7-OVA-induced tumors compared with that in the controls. Conclusion: Our findings showed that FrC-OVA-BV (rBV) induced antitumor immunity, paving the way for its use in BV immunotherapy against malignancies.	22.245241165161133	21.636260986328125	10
Recombinase Polymerase Amplification Assay for Rapid Diagnostics of Dengue Infection. Over 2.5 billion people are exposed to the risk of contracting dengue fever (DF). Early diagnosis of DF helps to diminish its burden on public health. Real-time reverse transcription polymerase amplification assays (RT-PCR) are the standard method for molecular detection of the dengue virus (DENV). Real-time RT-PCR analysis is not suitable for on-site screening since mobile devices are large, expensive, and complex. In this study, two RT-recombinase polymerase amplification (RT-RPA) assays were developed to detect DENV1-4. Using two quantitative RNA molecular standards, the analytical sensitivity of a RT-RPA targeting the 3´non-translated region of DENV1-4 was found to range from (DENV4) to (DENV1-3) RNA molecules detected. The assay was specific and did not cross detect other Flaviviruses. The RT-RPA assay was tested in a mobile laboratory combining magneticbead based total nucleic acid extraction and a portable detection device in Kedougou (Senegal) and in Bangkok (Thailand). In Kedougou, the RT-RPA was operated at an ambient temperature of 38°C with auxiliary electricity tapped from a motor vehicle and yielded a clinical sensitivity and specificity of 98% (n=31) and 100% (n=23), respectively. While in the field trial in Bangkok, the clinical sensitivity and specificity were 72% (n=90) and 100% (n=41), respectively.	2.2161667346954346	-5.586013317108154	6
Recombination Every Day: Abundant Recombination in a Virus during a Single Multi-Cellular Host Infection. Viral recombination can dramatically impact evolution and epidemiology. In viruses, the recombination rate depends on the frequency of genetic exchange between different viral genomes within an infected host cell and on the frequency at which such co-infections occur. While the recombination rate has been recently evaluated in experimentally co-infected cell cultures for several viruses, direct quantification at the most biologically significant level, that of a host infection, is still lacking. This study fills this gap using the cauliflower mosaic virus as a model. We distributed four neutral markers along the viral genome, and co-inoculated host plants with marker-containing and wild-type viruses. The frequency of recombinant genomes was evaluated d post-inoculation. On average, over 50% of viral genomes recovered after a single host infection were recombinants, clearly indicating that recombination is very frequent in this virus. Estimates of the recombination rate show that all regions of the genome are equally affected by this process. Assuming that ten viral replication cycles occurred during our experiment-based on data on the timing of coat protein detection-the per base and replication cycle recombination rate was on the order of À5 to À5 . This first determination of a virus recombination rate during a single multi-cellular host infection indicates that recombination is very frequent in the everyday life of this virus. Citation: Froissart R, Roze D, Uzest M, Galibert L, Blanc S, et al. (2005) Recombination every day: Abundant recombination in a virus during a single multi-cellular host infection. PLoS Biol 3(3): e89.	-7.595365047454834	12.553528785705566	5
Recombination and convergent evolution led to the emergence of Wuhan coronavirus. The recent outbreak of a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Wuhan, China, underscores the need for understanding the evolutionary processes that drive the emergence and adaptation of zoonotic viruses in humans. Here, we show that recombination in betacoronaviruses, including human-infecting viruses like SARS and MERS, frequently encompasses the Receptor Binding Domain (RBD) in the Spike gene. We find that this common process likely led to a recombination event at least years ago in an ancestor of the 2019-nCoV involving the RBD. Compared with bat isolates, the recent ancestors of 2019-nCoV accumulated a high number of amino acid substitutions in the RBD and likewise in a region of polyprotein Orf1a that is critical for viral replication and transcription. Among these recent mutations, we identify amino acid substitutions common to the SARS outbreak isolates in positions 427N and 436Y, indicating potential adaptive convergent evolution. Both 427N and 436Y belong to a helix that appears to interact with the human ACE2 receptor. In sum, we propose a two-hit scenario in the emergence of the 2019-nCoV virus whereby the 2019-nCoV ancestors in bats first acquired genetic characteristics of SARS by incorporation of a SARS-like RBD through recombination before 2009, and subsequently, those recombinants underwent convergent evolution.	8.923646926879883	9.385848999023438	4
Reconciling early-outbreak estimates of the basic reproductive number and its uncertainty: framework and applications to the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) outbreak. A novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has recently emerged as a global threat. As the epidemic progresses, many disease modelers have focused on estimating the basic reproductive number R -the average number of secondary cases caused by a primary case in an otherwise susceptible population. The modeling approaches and resulting estimates of R vary widely, despite relying on similar data sources. Here, we present a novel statistical framework for comparing and combining different estimates of R across a wide range of models by decomposing the basic reproductive number into three key quantities: the exponential growth rate r, the mean generation intervalḠ, and the generation-interval dispersion κ. We then apply our framework to early estimates of R for the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak. We show that many early R estimates are overly confident. Our results emphasize the importance of propagating uncertainties in all components of R , including the shape of the generation-interval distribution, in efforts to estimate R at the outset of an epidemic.	-16.93752098083496	-17.311233520507812	5
Regulatory Role of Small Nucleolar RNAs in Human Diseases. Small nucleolar RNAs (snoRNAs) are appreciable players in gene expression regulation in human cells. The canonical function of box C/D and box H/ACA snoRNAs is posttranscriptional modification of ribosomal RNAs (rRNAs), namely, -O-methylation and pseudouridylation, respectively. A series of independent studies demonstrated that snoRNAs, as well as other noncoding RNAs, serve as the source of various short regulatory RNAs. Some snoRNAs and their fragments can also participate in the regulation of alternative splicing and posttranscriptional modification of mRNA. Alterations in snoRNA expression in human cells can affect numerous vital cellular processes. SnoRNA level in human cells, blood serum, and plasma presents a promising target for diagnostics and treatment of human pathologies. Here we discuss the relation between snoRNAs and oncological, neurodegenerative, and viral diseases and also describe changes in snoRNA level in response to artificial stress and some drugs.	-13.245158195495605	17.91289520263672	8
Reinfection could not occur in SARS-CoV-2 infected rhesus macaques 3.	21.025835037231445	8.421364784240723	1
Relations of parameters for describing the epidemic of COVID-19 by the Kermack-McKendrick model. In order to quantitatively characterize the epidemic of COVID-19, useful relations among parameters describing an epidemic in general are derived based on the Kermack-McKendrick model. The first relation is 1/τ grow =1/τ trans −1/τ inf , where τ grow is the time constant of the exponential growth of an epidemic, τ trans is the time for a pathogen to be transmitted from one patient to uninfected person, and the infectious time τ inf is the time during which the pathogen keeps its power of transmission. The second relation p(∞ ) ≈ 1− exp(− (R − 1)/0.60) is the relation between p(∞ ), the final size of the disaster defined by the ratio of the total infected people to the population of the society, and the basic reproduction number, R , which is the number of persons infected by the transmission of the pathogen from one infected person during the infectious time. The third relation 1/τ end =	-11.6522855758667	-17.7733211517334	5
Relationship between the ABO Blood Group and the COVID-19 Susceptibility. To investigate the relationship between the ABO blood group and the COVID-19 susceptibility. The study was conducted by comparing the blood group distribution in 2,173 patients with COVID-19 confirmed by SARS-CoV-2 test from three hospitals in Wuhan and Shenzhen, China with that in normal people from the corresponding regions. Data were analyzed using one-way ANOVA and 2-tailed χ and a meta-analysis was performed by random effects models. Three tertiary hospitals in Wuhan and Shenzhen, China. A total of 1,775 patients with COVID-19, including dead cases, from Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, Wuhan, China were recruited. Another and patients with COVID-19 were respectively recruited from Renmin Detection of ABO blood groups, infection occurrence of SARS-CoV-2, and patient death. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	10.988959312438965	-14.650777816772461	7
Remote control of neural function by X-ray-induced scintillation. Scintillators exhibit visible luminescence, called scintillation, when irradiated with X-rays. Given that X-rays penetrate through biological tissues, X-ray-induced scintillation would enable remote optogenetic control of neural functions at any depths in the brain. Here we show that a yellow-emitting inorganic scintillator, Ce-doped Gd3(Al,Ga)5O12 (Ce:GAGG), can effectively activate red-shifted excitatory and inhibitory opsins. Using these scintillator-opsin combinations, we successfully activated and inhibited midbrain dopamine neurons of freely moving mice by X-ray irradiation, producing bi-directional modulation of place preference behavior. The Ce:GAGG crystal was biocompatible and could be implanted for a long period without progressive neuroinflammatory responses. Neither brain injury nor behavioral dysfunction was acutely induced by radiation during the behavioral tests. Thus, X-ray-induced scintillation allows wireless control of cellular functions in living animals, expanding X-ray applications to functional studies of biology and medicine.	17.196197509765625	29.18390655517578	11
Representative Contact Diaries for Modeling the Spread of Infectious Diseases in Taiwan. Recent studies of infectious diseases have attempted to construct more realistic parameters of interpersonal contact patterns from diary-approach surveys. To ensure that such diary-based contact patterns provide accurate baseline data for policy implementation in densely populated Taiwan, we collected contact diaries from a national sample, using 3-stage systematic probability sampling and rigorous in-person interviews. A representative sample of 1,943 contact diaries recorded a total of 24,265 wide-range, face-to-face interpersonal contacts during a 24-hour period. Nearly 70% of the contacts occurred outside of respondents' households. The most active age group was schoolchildren (ages 5-14), who averaged around 16-18 daily contacts, about 2-3 times as many as the least active age groups. We show how such parameters of contact patterns help modify a sophisticated national simulation system that has been used for years to model the spread of pandemic diseases in Taiwan. Based on such actual and representative data that enable researchers to infer findings to the whole population, our analyses aim to facilitate implementing more appropriate and effective strategies for controlling an emerging or pandemic disease infection.	-22.95848846435547	-24.061532974243164	2
Research Article. Porcine deltacoronavirus (PDCoV) is a newly discovered coronavirus, which belongs to the family Coronaviridae. It causes watery diarrhea, vomiting, and dehydration in newborn piglets. A sensitive RT-PCR method is urgently required to detect PDCoV infection. In this study, we developed and evaluated a conventional RT-PCR assay and a SYBR green-based real-time RT-PCR assay that targeted the PDCoV gene. Both assays are specific and have the same limit of detection at × copies of RNA molecules per reaction. Eighty-four clinical samples were subjected to both conventional RT-PCR and real-time RT-PCR, and the same positive rate (41.7%) was achieved, which was much higher than the positive rate (26.2%) using a previously described onestep RT-PCR technique. In summary, a conventional RT-PCR technique was successfully established for the detection of PDCoV with the same detection limit as a SYBR green-based real-time RT-PCR assay.	1.900201439857483	-6.621204376220703	6
Restriction Factor in Yeasts 3. In eukaryotes, the degradation of cellular mRNAs is accomplished by Xrn1p and the cytoplasmic exosome. Because viral RNAs often lack canonical caps or poly-A tails, they can also be vulnerable to degradation by these host exonucleases. Yeast lack sophisticated mechanisms of innate and adaptive immunity, but do use RNA degradation as an antiviral defense mechanism. One model is that the RNA of yeast viruses is subject to degradation simply as a side effect of the intrinsic exonuclease activity of proteins involved in RNA metabolism. Contrary to this model, we find a highly refined, species-specific relationship between Xrn1p and the "L-A" totiviruses of different Saccharomyces yeast species. We show that the gene XRN1 has evolved rapidly under positive natural selection in Saccharomyces yeast, resulting in high levels of Xrn1p protein sequence divergence from one yeast species to the next. We also show that these sequence differences translate to differential interactions with the L-A virus, where Xrn1p from S. cerevisiae is most efficient at controlling the L-A virus that chronically infects S. cerevisiae, and Xrn1p from S. kudriavzevii is most efficient at controlling the L-37 A-like virus that we have discovered within S. kudriavzevii. All Xrn1p orthologs are equivalent in their interaction with another virus-like parasite, the Ty1 retrotransposon.	-4.969253063201904	21.933507919311523	8
Revealing the influence of national public health policies for the outbreak of the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic in Wuhan, China through status dynamic modeling. The epidemic caused by SARS-CoV-2 was first reported in Wuhan, China, and now is spreading worldwide. The Chinese government responded to this epidemic with multiple public health policies including locking down the city of Wuhan, establishing multiple temporary hospitals, and prohibiting public gathering events. Here, we constructed a new real-time status dynamic model of SEIO (MH) to reveal the influence of national public health policies and to model the epidemic in Wuhan.	0.9470712542533875	-28.751903533935547	3
Review Article Retrovirus Entry by Endocytosis and Cathepsin Proteases. Retroviruses include infectious agents inducing severe diseases in humans and animals. In addition, retroviruses are widely used as tools to transfer genes of interest to target cells. Understanding the entry mechanism of retroviruses contributes to developments of novel therapeutic approaches against retrovirus-induced diseases and efficient exploitation of retroviral vectors. Entry of enveloped viruses into host cell cytoplasm is achieved by fusion between the viral envelope and host cell membranes at either the cell surface or intracellular vesicles. Many animal retroviruses enter host cells through endosomes and require endosome acidification. Ecotropic murine leukemia virus entry requires cathepsin proteases activated by the endosome acidification. CD4dependent human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection is thought to occur via endosomes, but endosome acidification is not necessary for the entry whereas entry of CD4-independent HIVs, which are thought to be prototypes of CD4-dependent viruses, is low pH dependent. There are several controversial results on the retroviral entry pathways. Because endocytosis and endosome acidification are complicatedly controlled by cellular mechanisms, the retrovirus entry pathways may be different in different cell lines. Advances in Virology would contribute to the development of new therapeutic approaches for retrovirus-induced diseases. Mechanism of membrane fusion by the retroviral TM proteins is described elsewhere in details [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] and is similar to those used by envelope proteins of other enveloped viruses [8, 9] . Briefly, the retroviral entry mechanism is proposed as follows. The TM protein is thought to have hairpin-like structure (Figure ). The binding of SU with its cognate cell surface receptor induces conformational changes of the TM subunit. The N-terminal hydrophobic domain of the TM subunit called fusion peptide is exposed by the conformational change and inserted into host cell membrane. The TM protein then coverts to a trimer-ofhairpins conformation, and viral envelope and host cell membranes approach and mix. Finally, the fusion pore is formed and expanded to derive the viral core into host cell cytoplasm. This conformational change pathway of the TM protein induces the membrane fusion for the retroviral entry into host cells.	2.1213250160217285	25.463058471679688	12
Revitalization of integrated disease surveillance and response in Sierra Leone post Ebola virus disease outbreak. Background: The Ministry of Health and Sanitation (MOHS) in Sierra Leone partially rolled out the implementation of Integrated Disease Surveillance and Response (IDSR) in 2003. After the Ebola virus disease outbreak in 2014-2015, there was need to strengthen IDSR to ensure prompt detection and response to epidemic-prone diseases. We describe the processes, successes and challenges of revitalizing public health surveillance in a country recovering from a protracted Ebola virus disease outbreak. Methods: The revitalization process began with adaptation of the revised IDSR guidelines and development of customized guidelines to suit the health care systems in Sierra Leone. Public health experts defined data flow, system operations, case definitions, frequency and channels of reporting and dissemination. Next, phased training of IDSR focal persons in each health facility and the distribution of data collection and reporting tools was done. Monitoring activities included periodic supportive supervision and data quality assessments. Rapid response teams were formed to investigate and respond to disease outbreak alerts in all districts. Results: Submission of reports through the IDSR system began in mid-2015 and by the 35th epidemiologic week, all district health teams were submitting reports. The key performance indicators measuring the functionality of the IDSR system in and were achieved (WHO Africa Region target ≥80%); the annual average proportion of timely weekly health facility reports submitted to the next level was 93% in and 97% in 2017; the proportion of suspected outbreaks and public health events detected through the IDSR system was 96% (n = 87) in and 100% (n = 85) in 2017. Conclusion: With proper planning, phased implementation and adequate investment of resources, it is possible to establish a functional IDSR system in a country recovering from a public health crisis. A functional IDSR system requires well trained workforce, provision of the necessary tools and guidelines, information, communication and technology infrastructure to support data transmission, provision of timely feedback as well as logistical support.	-18.179672241210938	-35.00308609008789	2
Ribonuclease L mediates the cell-lethal phenotype of double-stranded RNA editing enzyme ADAR1 deficiency in a human cell line. ADAR1 isoforms are adenosine deaminases that edit and destabilize double-stranded RNA reducing its immunostimulatory activities. Mutation of ADAR1 leads to a severe neurodevelopmental and inflammatory disease of children, Aicardi-Goutié res syndrome. In mice, Adar1 mutations are embryonic lethal but are rescued by mutation of the Mda5 or Mavs genes, which function in IFN induction. However, the specific IFN regulated proteins responsible for the pathogenic effects of ADAR1 mutation are unknown. We show that the cell-lethal phenotype of ADAR1 deletion in human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells is rescued by CRISPR/Cas9 mutagenesis of the RNASEL gene or by expression of the RNase L antagonist, murine coronavirus NS2 accessory protein. Our result demonstrate that ablation of RNase L activity promotes survival of ADAR1 deficient cells even in the presence of MDA5 and MAVS, suggesting that the RNase L system is the primary sensor pathway for endogenous dsRNA that leads to cell death.	-3.768855571746826	35.14948654174805	0
Rigidity, normal modes and flexible motion of a SARS-CoV-2 (COVID- 19) protease structure. The rigidity and flexibility of two recently reported crystal structures (PDB entries 6Y2E and 6LU7) of a protease from the SARS-CoV-2 virus, the infectious agent of the COVID-19 respiratory disease, has been investigated using pebble-game rigidity analysis, elastic network model normal mode analysis, and all-atom geometric simulations. This computational investigation of the viral protease follows protocols that have been effective in studying other homodimeric enzymes. The protease is predicted to display flexible motions in vivo which directly affect the geometry of a known inhibitor binding site and which open new potential binding sites elsewhere in the structure. A database of generated PDB files representing natural flexible variations on the crystal structures has been produced and made available for download from an institutional data archive. This information may inform structure-based drug design and fragment screening efforts aimed at identifying specific antiviral therapies for the treatment of COVID-19. Recent studies has established that the motions explored by geometric simulation correspond well to the essential dynamics extracted from MD trajectories [4] ; that global flexible motions can couple to .	5.181247711181641	14.920875549316406	4
Risk Assessment of Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 Outbreaks Outside China. We developed a computational tool to assess the risks of novel coronavirus outbreaks outside of China. We estimate the dependence of the risk of a major outbreak in a country from imported cases on key parameters such as: (i) the evolution of the cumulative number of cases in mainland China outside the closed areas; (ii) the connectivity of the destination country with China, including baseline travel frequencies, the effect of travel restrictions, and the efficacy of entry screening at destination; and (iii) the efficacy of control measures in the destination country (expressed by the local reproduction number R loc ). We found that in countries with low connectivity to China but with relatively high R loc , the most beneficial control measure to reduce the risk of outbreaks is a further reduction in their importation number either by entry screening or travel restrictions. Countries with high connectivity but low R loc benefit the most from policies that further reduce R loc . Countries in the middle should consider a combination of such policies. Risk assessments were illustrated for selected groups of countries from America, Asia, and Europe. We investigated how their risks depend on those parameters, and how the risk is increasing in time as the number of cases in China is growing.	-13.754576683044434	-23.388547897338867	2
Risk estimation and prediction by modeling the transmission of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) in mainland China excluding Hubei province. Background: In December 2019, an outbreak of novel coronavirus disease emerged in Wuhan, China and has swiftly spread to other parts of China and a number of oversea countries. Our aim is to evaluate the effectiveness of the evolution of interventions and self-protection measures, estimate the risk of partial lifting control measures and predict the epidemic trend of the virus in mainland China excluding Hubei province based on the published data and a novel mathematical model. A novel COVID-19 transmission dynamic model incorporating the intervention measures implemented in China is proposed. We parameterize the model by using the Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method and estimate the control reproduction number R c , as well as the effective daily reproduction ratio R e (t), of the disease transmission in mainland China excluding Hubei province. The estimation outcomes indicate that the control reproduction number is 3.36 (95% CI 3.20-3.64) and R e (t) has dropped below since January 31st, 2020, which implies that the containment strategies implemented by the Chinese government in mainland China excluding Hubei province are indeed effective and magnificently suppressed COVID-19 transmission. Moreover, our results show that relieving personal protection too early may lead to the spread of disease for a longer time and more people would be infected, and may even cause epidemic or outbreak again. By calculating the effective reproduction ratio, we prove that the contact rate should be kept at least less than 30% of the normal level by April, 2020. To ensure the epidemic ending rapidly, it is necessary to maintain the current integrated restrict interventions and self-protection measures, including travel restriction, quarantine of entry, contact tracing followed by quarantine and isolation and reduction of contact, like wearing masks, etc. People should be fully aware of the real-time epidemic situation and keep sufficient personal protection until April. If all the above conditions are met, the outbreak is expected to be ended by April in mainland China apart from Hubei province.	-4.885587692260742	-26.85480499267578	3
Risk factors for febrile respiratory illness and mono-viral infections in a semi-closed military environment: a case-control study. Background: Febrile respiratory illness (FRI) results in substantial burden in semi-closed environments. Tackling risk factors may reduce transmission and infection. However, risk factors involved in one setting may not be generalizable in all settings due to differences in climate, residential environment, population genetic and cultural backgrounds. This study aims to identify risk factors of FRI and mono-viral infections in a tropical military environment. Methods: From year to 2012, military personnel with temperature ≥37.5°C, cough and/or sore throat, and personnel with no fever or no respiratory symptoms were recruited as cases and controls, respectively. Subjects provided nasal wash specimens and answered a standardized questionnaire. Resplex assays were used to determine the viral etiologies. Descriptive, univariate and multivariate analyses of the variables were performed using appropriate descriptive tests and logistic regression modelling, respectively, with R program. Results: A total of 7,743 FRI cases and 1,247 non-FRI study controls were recruited. Increasing age [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 1.03; % confidence interval (CI) = 1.01-1.05], recruit camp (AOR = 4.67; % CI = 3.99-5.46) and smoker (AOR = 1.31; % CI = 1.13-1.52) were independent risk factors of FRI. Malay ethnicity was positively associated with influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 (AOR = 1.50; % CI = 1.04-2.15) and coxsackie/echovirus (AOR = 1.67; % CI = 1.19-2.36) mono-infection. Significant contact risk factors were stay-out personnel with ill household member (AOR = 4.96; % CI = 3.39-7.24), and stay-in personnel with ill bunkmate and household member (AOR = 3.55; % CI = 2.57-4.91). Staying in camp with none ill in bunk and at home was a protective factor against FRI (AOR = 0.80; % CI = 0.64-0.99). These contact risk factors were similarly observed for the five most common viruses detected, namely adenovirus, rhinoviruses, influenza A and B, and coxsackie/echovirus. Conclusion: Increasing age, smoker, recruit-camp, stay-out personnel with ill household members and stay-in personnel with ill bunkmates were independent risk factors of FRI in a semi-closed military environment. Early identification and isolation of ill personnel from their bunk may be effective to prevent and reduce transmission and disease burden.	-11.94234561920166	-41.41843795776367	9
Risk factors related to hepatic injury in patients with corona virus disease 2019. Corona virus disease has rapidly become the most severe public health issue all over the world. Despite respiratory symptoms, hepatic injury has also been observed in clinical settings. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors involved with hepatic injury in the patients with COVID-19. Methods: A total of hospitalized patients who were diagnosed with COVID-19 in Beijing You'an Hospital were retrospectively analyzed. According to liver function, they were divided into ALT normal group (n=52) and ALT elevation group (n=33). Clinical features and laboratory data were compared between the two groups. The independent risk factors for liver injury were analyzed. Results: There were patients with hepatic injury in our study, accounting for 38.8% (33/85). The patients in ALT elevation group were older than those in ALT normal group. The levels of lactic acid, CRP, myoglobin, and neutrophils were significantly higher in ALT elevation group. The lymphocytes and albumin were significantly lower in ALT elevation group. The proportion of severe and critical patients in ALT elevation group was significantly higher. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed CRP ≥ mg/L and lymphocyte count< 1.1×10^9/L were independently related to hepatic injury. Lymphopenia and CRP may serve as the risk factors related to hepatic injury in patients with COVID-19, which might be related to inflammatory cytokine storm in liver injury. Early detection and timely treatment of hepatic injury in patients with COVID-19 are necessary.	14.174379348754883	-20.550716400146484	7
Role of temperature and humidity in the modulation of the doubling time of COVID-19 cases. COVID-19 is having a great impact on public health, mortality and economy worldwide, in spite of the efforts to prevent its epidemy. The SARS-CoV-2 genome is different from that of MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV, although also expected to spread differently according to meteorological conditions. Our main goal is to investigate the role of some meteorological variables on the expansion of this outbreak. In this study, an exponential model relating the number of accumulated confirmed cases and time was considered. The rate of COVID-19 spread, using as criterion the doubling time of the number of confirmed cases, was used as dependent variable in a linear model that took four independent meteorological variables: temperature, humidity, precipitation and wind speed. Only China cases were considered, to control both cultural aspects and containment policies. Confirmed cases and the meteorological variables were gathered between January and March (39 days) for the provinces of Mainland China. Several periods of time were sampled for each province, obtaining more than one value for the rate of disease progression. Two different periods of time were tested, of and days, along with and different starting points in time, randomly chosen. The median value for each meteorological variable was computed, using the same time period; models with > 0.75 were selected. The rate of progression and doubling time were computed and used to fit a linear regression model. Models were evaluated using = 0.05. . CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint . /2020 Results indicate that the doubling time correlates positively with temperature and inversely with humidity, suggesting that a decrease in the rate of progression of COVID-19 with the arrival of spring and summer in the north hemisphere. A 20ºC increase is expected to delay the doubling time in 1.8 days. Those variables explain 18% of the variation in disease doubling time; the remaining 82% may be related to containment measures, general health policies, population density, transportation or cultural aspects.	-9.702927589416504	-22.591102600097656	2
Ruler elements in chromatin remodelers set nucleosome array spacing and phasing. Arrays of regularly spaced nucleosomes dominate chromatin and are often phased by alignment to reference sites like active promoters. How the distances between nucleosomes (spacing), and between phasing sites and nucleosomes are determined remains unclear, and specifically, how ATP dependent chromatin remodelers impact these features. Here, we used genome-wide reconstitution to probe how Saccharomyces cerevisiae ATP dependent remodelers generate phased arrays of regularly spaced nucleosomes. We find that remodelers bear a functional element named the 'ruler' that determines spacing and phasing in a remodeler-specific way. We use structure-based mutagenesis to identify and tune the ruler element residing in the Nhp10 and Arp8 modules of the INO80 remodeler complex. Generally, we propose that a remodeler ruler regulates nucleosome sliding direction bias in response to (epi)genetic information. This finally conceptualizes how remodeler-mediated nucleosome dynamics determine stable steady-state nucleosome positioning relative to other nucleosomes, DNA bound factors, DNA ends and DNA sequence elements.	-11.302617073059082	24.34197998046875	8
Running title: The transcriptional and translational landscape of equine torovirus 1. The genus Torovirus (subfamily Torovirinae, family Coronaviridae, order Nidovirales) encompasses a range of species that infect domestic ungulates including cattle, sheep, goats, pigs and horses, causing an acute self-limiting gastroenteritis. Using the prototype species equine torovirus (EToV) we performed parallel RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) and ribosome profiling (Ribo-seq) to analyse the relative expression levels of the known torovirus proteins and transcripts, chimaeric sequences produced via discontinuous RNA synthesis (a characteristic of the nidovirus replication cycle) and changes in host transcription and translation as a result of EToV infection. RNA sequencing confirmed that EToV utilises a unique combination of discontinuous and non-discontinuous RNA synthesis to produce its subgenomic RNAs; indeed, we identified transcripts arising from both mechanisms that would result in sgRNAs encoding the nucleocapsid. Our ribosome profiling analysis revealed that ribosomes efficiently translate two novel CUG-initiated ORFs, located within the so-called 5' UTR. We have termed the resulting proteins U1 and U2. Comparative genomic analysis confirmed that these ORFs are conserved across all available torovirus . CC-BY 4.0	-1.8361892700195312	18.2829647064209	8
SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV Spike-RBD Structure and Receptor Binding Comparison and Potential Implications on Neutralizing Antibody and Vaccine Development. SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV share a common human receptor ACE2. Protein-protein interaction structure modeling indicates that spike-RBD of the two viruses also has similar overall binding conformation and binding free energy to ACE2. In vitro assays using recombinant ACE2 proteins and ACE2 expressing cells confirmed the two coronaviruses' similar binding affinities to ACE2. The above studies provide experimental supporting evidences and possible explanation for the high transmissibility observed in the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak. Potent ACE2-blocking SARS-CoV neutralizing antibodies showed limited cross-binding and neutralizing activities to SARS-CoV-2. ACE2-non-blocking SARS-CoV RBD antibodies, though with weaker neutralizing activities against SARS-CoV, showed positive cross-neutralizing activities to SARS-CoV-2 with an unknown mechanism. These findings suggest a trade-off between the efficacy and spectrum for therapeutic antibodies to different coronaviruses, and hence highlight the possibilities and challenges in developing broadly protecting antibodies and vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 and its future mutants. Various estimates and analyses suggest SARS-CoV-2 and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) may have similar transmissibility with an estimated reproductive number (R ) of 3.77 (2.23-4.82) for SARS-CoV-2 and between 2.9-3.3 for SARS-CoV . SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV share a common host-cell receptor protein, angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE2), expressed on epithelial cells in the respiratory track system and various human organs, such as the lung 9,10 . Receptor recognition by coronaviruses is the first and essential step for infecting host cells 11,12 . An envelope-anchored trimeric spike (S) protein mediates the binding of the two coronaviruses to human ACE2 13,14 , and is cleaved by the host protease into two separate polypeptides as S1, which contains the receptor binding domain (RBD), and S2, which is responsible for the homotrimer formation and mediates fusion of the virion with cellular membranes . The receptor binding motif (RBM) in RBD is responsible for direct binding to ACE2 and its binding affinity may directly affects the virus infectivity and transmissibility 16, . The amino acid sequence homology between SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 approximates to 75% for the spike proteins, and are 73.7% and 50.0% for RBDs and RBMs, respectively. Here we investigated the optimized complex structure conformations between the RBDs of SARS-CoV-2	9.004426002502441	15.081498146057129	4
SARS-CoV-2 infection does not significantly cause acute renal injury: an analysis of hospitalized patients with COVID-19 in a single hospital, Wuhan, China. ZG and YL made substantial contributions to the study concept and design. LW was in charge of the manuscript draft. XL, CH, SY and DL took responsibility for obtaining written consent from patients, obtaining ethical approval, collecting samples, and confirming data accuracy. LW and ZG participated in drafting the manuscript, and revising it on the basis of reviewers' comments. LW made substantial contributions to data acquisition, analysis, and interpretation. We declare no competing interests. With the permission of the corresponding authors, we can provide participant data without names and identifiers, but not the study protocol, statistical analysis plan, or informed consent form. Data can be provided after the Article is published. Once the data can be made public, the research team will provide an email address for communication. The corresponding authors have the right to decide whether to share the data or not based on the research objectives and plan provided. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-27.673248291015625	-28.85628318786621	2
SARS-CoV-2 invades host cells via a novel route: CD147-spike protein. Currently, COVID-19 caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has been widely spread around the world; nevertheless, so far there exist no specific antiviral drugs for treatment of the disease, which poses great challenge to control and contain the virus. Here, we reported a research finding that SARS-CoV-2 invaded host cells via a novel route of CD147-spike protein (SP). SP bound to CD147, a receptor on the host cells, thereby mediating the viral invasion. Our further research confirmed this finding. First, in vitro antiviral tests indicated Meplazumab, an anti-CD147 humanized antibody, significantly inhibited the viruses from invading host cells, with an EC of 24.86 μg/mL and IC of 15.16 μg/mL. Second, we validated the interaction between CD147 and SP, with an affinity constant of 1.85×10 -7 M. Co-Immunoprecipitation and ELISA also confirmed the binding of the two proteins. Finally, the localization of CD147 and SP was observed in SARS-CoV-2 infected Vero E6 cells by immuno-electron microscope. Therefore, the discovery of the new route CD147-SP for SARS-CoV-2 invading host cells provides a critical target for development of specific antiviral drugs.	12.768038749694824	16.182750701904297	4
SEIR Transmission dynamics model of nCoV coronavirus with considering the weak infectious ability and changes in latency duration. Pneumonia patients of 2019-ncov in latent period are not easy to be effectively quarantined, but there is evidence that they have strong infectious ability. Here, the infectious ability of patients during the latent period is slightly less than that of the infected patients was assumed. We established a new SEIR propagation dynamics model, that considered the weak transmission ability of the incubation period, the variation of the incubation period length, and the government intervention measures to track and isolate comprehensively. Based on the raw epidemic data of China from January 23, to February 10, 2020, the dynamic parameters of the new present SEIR model are fitted. Through the Euler integration algorithm to solve the model, the effect of infectious ability of incubation patients on the theoretical estimation of the present SEIR model was analyzed, and the occurrence time of peak number in China was predicted. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-4.470647811889648	-23.685470581054688	3
SIANN: Strain Identification by Alignment to Near Neighbors. Next-generation sequencing is increasingly being used to study samples composed of mixtures of organisms, such as in clinical applications where the presence of a pathogen at very low abundance may be highly important. We present an analytical method (SIANN: Strain Identification by Alignment to Near Neighbors) specifically designed to rapidly detect a set of target organisms in mixed samples that achieves a high degree of species-and strain-specificity by aligning short sequence reads to the genomes of near neighbor organisms, as well as that of the target. Empirical benchmarking alongside the current state-of-the-art methods shows an extremely high Positive Predictive Value, even at very low abundances of the target organism in a mixed sample. SIANN is available as an Illumina BaseSpace app, as well as through Signature Science, LLC. SIANN results are presented in a streamlined report designed to be comprehensible to the non-specialist user, providing a powerful tool for rapid species detection in a mixed sample. By focusing on a set of (customizable) target organisms and their near neighbors, SIANN can operate quickly and with low computational requirements while delivering highly accurate results.	-8.800361633300781	-2.2129580974578857	6
SKEMPI 2.0: An updated benchmark of changes in protein-protein binding energy, kinetics and thermodynamics upon mutation. Motivation: Understanding the relationship between the sequence, structure, binding energy, binding kinetics and binding thermodynamics of protein-protein interactions is crucial to understanding cellular signaling, the assembly and regulation of molecular complexes, the mechanisms through which mutations lead to disease, and protein engineering. Results: We present SKEMPI 2.0, a major update to our database of binding free energy changes upon mutation for structurally resolved protein-protein interactions. This version now contains manually curated binding data for mutations, an increase of 133%, including changes in kinetics for mutations, enthalpy and entropy changes for mutations, and mutations which abolish detectable binding. Availability: The database is available at	-16.869775772094727	1.5206187963485718	6
SOCRATES: An online tool leveraging a social contact data sharing initiative to assess mitigation strategies for COVID-19. Objective: Establishing a social contact data sharing initiative and an online tool to assess mitigation strategies for COVID-19. Results: Using our online tool and the available social contact data, we illustrate that social distancing could have a considerable impact on reducing transmission for COVID-19. The effect itself depends on assumptions made about disease-specific characteristics and the choice of intervention(s).	-20.905555725097656	-22.790136337280273	2
SPINT2 inhibits proteases involved in activation of both influenza viruses and metapneumoviruses 2. Viruses possessing class I fusion proteins require proteolytic activation by host cell proteases to mediate fusion with the host cell membrane. The mammalian SPINT2 gene encodes a protease inhibitor that targets trypsin-like serine proteases. Here we show the protease inhibitor, SPINT2, restricts cleavage-20 activation efficiently for a range of influenza viruses and for human metapneumovirus (HMPV). SPINT2 treatment resulted in the cleavage and fusion inhibition of full-length influenza A/CA/04/09 (H1N1) HA,	2.8467116355895996	23.138212203979492	12
Salt Effects on the Thermodynamics of a Frameshifting RNA Pseudoknot under Tension. Because of the potential link between −1 programmed ribosomal frameshifting and response of a pseudoknot (PK) RNA to force, a number of single molecule pulling experiments have been performed on PKs to decipher the mechanism of programmed ribosomal frameshifting. Motivated in part by these experiments, we performed simulations using a coarse-grained model of RNA to describe the response of a PK over a range of mechanical forces (f s) and monovalent salt concentrations (Cs). The coarse-grained simulations quantitatively reproduce the multistep thermal melting observed in experiments, thus validating our model. The free energy changes obtained in simulations are in excellent agreement with experiments. By varying f and C, we calculated the phase diagram that shows a sequence of structural transitions, populating distinct intermediate states. As f and C are changed, the stem-loop tertiary interactions rupture first, followed by unfolding of the -end hairpin (I F). Finally, the -end hairpin unravels, producing an extended state (E I). A theoretical analysis of the phase boundaries shows that the critical force for rupture scales as (log Cm) α with α = (0.5) for E I (I F) transition. This relation is used to obtain the preferential ion-RNA interaction coefficient, which can be quantitatively measured in single-molecule experiments, as done previously for DNA hairpins. A by-product of our work is the suggestion that the frameshift efficiency is likely determined by the stability of the end hairpin that the ribosome first encounters during translation.	-10.21224594116211	20.196836471557617	8
Saturation mutagenesis genome engineering of infective ΦX174 bacteriophage via unamplified oligo pools and golden gate assembly. Here we present a novel protocol for the construction of saturation single-site-and massive multi-site-mutant libraries of a bacteriophage. We segmented the ΦX174 genome into non-toxic and non-replicative fragments compatible with golden gate assembly. We next used nicking mutagenesis with oligonucleotides prepared from unamplified oligo pools with individual segments as templates to prepare near-comprehensive single-site mutagenesis libraries of genes encoding the F capsid protein (421 amino acids scanned) and G spike protein (172 amino acids scanned). Libraries possessed greater than 99% of all 11,860 programmed mutations. Golden Gate cloning was then used to assemble the complete ΦX174 mutant genome and generate libraries of infective viruses. This protocol will enable reverse genetics experiments for studying viral evolution and, with some modifications, can be applied for engineering of therapeutically relevant bacteriophages with larger genomes.	-10.38074779510498	13.014589309692383	8
Screening of FDA-approved drugs using a MERS-CoV clinical isolate from South Korea identifies potential therapeutic options for COVID-19. In 2015, the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) reached the Republic of Korea, resulting from nosocomial transmission, and was the largest epidemic outside of the Arabian Peninsula. To date, despite various strategies to identify CoV interventions, there are only limited therapeutic options available. To address these unmet medical needs, we used a South Korean MERS-CoV clinical isolate and screened 5,406 compounds, including US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drugs and bioactive molecules, confirmed hits by dose-response curve analysis in the primary assay, and selected hits with a therapeutic index (TI) greater than 6. Time-ofaddition studies with FDA-approved drugs demonstrated that eight and four therapeutics act on the early-and late stages of the viral life cycle, respectively. Among the early acting drugs, three therapeutics with a TI greater than were cardiotonic agents. Together, our results identify potential therapeutic options for treatment of MERS-CoV infections and could provide a basis for a wider range of coronaviruses, including the currently emerging coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak.	15.15749454498291	12.96910285949707	4
Seattle Flu Study -Swab and Send: Study Protocol for At-Home Surveillance Methods to Estimate the Burden of Respiratory Pathogens on a City-Wide Scale. While seasonal influenza and other respiratory pathogens cause significant morbidity and mortality each year, the community-based burden of these infections remains incompletely understood. Understanding the prevalence, epidemiology, and transmission dynamics of respiratory pathogen infections among community-dwelling individuals is essential during pandemic and epidemic settings and for developing pandemic-preparedness infrastructure. We present the protocol for a novel, city-wide home-based cross-sectional study in the Seattle Metropolitan area, utilizing rapid delivery systems for self-collection of a nasal swab and return to the laboratory for respiratory pathogen testing. All participation takes place electronically, including recruitment, consent, and data collection. Within hours of participants self-reporting respiratory symptoms, a nasal swab kit is delivered to the household via a courier service. Demographic and illness characteristics are collected at the time of sample collection and recovery and behavioral information collected one week later. Specimens are tested in the laboratory for multiple respiratory pathogens, and results are available on a public website for participants. Ethics and Dissemination. The study was approved by the University of Washington Institutional Review Board (Protocol #00006181). Results will be disseminated through peer-reviewed publications, talks at conferences, and on the Study Website ( www.seattleflu.org ). author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. • The findings of this study will inform whether a home-based approach to city-wide respiratory surveillance is possible in epidemic settings • A key strength of this study is that it is conducted across diverse neighborhoods spanning a major metropolitan area • Clinical findings may not be generalizable, as they are reliant on self-report (vaccination status, symptoms, healthcare utilization, etc.) author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-26.53376007080078	-27.783527374267578	2
Selective use of primate CD4 receptors by HIV-1. Individuals chronically infected with HIV-1 harbor complex viral populations within their bloodstreams. Recently, it has come to light that when these people infect others, the new infection is typically established by only one or a small number of virions from within this complex viral swarm. An important goal is to characterize the biological properties of HIV-1 virions that seed and exist early in new human infections because these are potentially the only viruses against which a prophylactic HIV-1 vaccine would need to elicit protection. This includes understanding how the Envelope (Env) protein of these virions interacts with the Tcell receptor CD4, which supports attachment and entry of HIV-1 into target cells. We examined early HIV-1 isolates for their ability to infect cells via the CD4 receptor of different primate species. Primates were the original source of HIV-1 and now serve as valuable animal models for studying HIV-1. We find that most primary isolates of HIV-1 from the blood, including early isolates, are highly selective and enter cells through some primate CD4 receptor orthologs but not others. This phenotype is remarkably consistent, regardless of route of transmission, viral subtype, or time of isolation post infection. We show that the weak CD4 binding affinity of blood-derived HIV-1 isolates is what makes them sensitive to the small sequence differences in CD4 from one primate species to the next. To substantiate this, we engineered an early HIV-1 Env to have high, medium, or low binding affinity to CD4, and we show that it loses the ability to enter cells via the CD4 receptor of many primate species as the binding affinity gets weaker. Based on the phenotype of selective use of primate CD4, we find that weak CD4 binding appears to be a nearly universal property of HIV-1 circulating in the bloodstream. Therefore, weak binding to CD4 must be a selected and important property in the biology of HIV-1 in the body. We identify six primate species that encode CD4 receptors that fully support the entry of early HIV-1 isolates despite their low binding affinity for CD4. These findings will help inform long-standing efforts to model HIV-1 transmission and early disease in primates.	17.420909881591797	22.854568481445312	12
Self-reactive CD4 + T cells activated during viral-induced demyelination do not prevent clinical recovery. Background: Microbial infections have been implicated in initiating and enhancing severity of autoimmune diseases including the demyelinating disease multiple sclerosis (MS). Nevertheless, the incidence of both acute and persisting viral infections without evidence of autoimmune sequelae suggests that this process is well controlled. The conditions promoting or stemming self-reactive (SR) T cells following viral-induced tissue damage thus need to be better defined. Using a non-fatal viral mouse model of encephalomyelitis associated with demyelination and disability, yet ultimate clinical improvement, this study set out to monitor uptake and presentation of endogenous myelin antigens, as well as induction and fate of SR T cells. Methods: Activation and central nervous system (CNS) recruitment of myelin-specific CD4 T cells was analyzed by flow cytometry during encephalomyelitis induced by a glia tropic murine coronavirus. Potential antigen-presenting cells (APC) ingesting myelin were characterized by flow cytometry and their ability to activate SR T cells tested by co-culture with carboxyfluorescein succinimidyl ester (CFSE)-labeled myelin-specific CD4 T cells. Endogenous SR T cell kinetics was analyzed within both cervical lymph nodes and CNS by Enzyme-Linked ImmunoSpot (ELISPOT) following viral infection. The data demonstrate the presence of APC capable of activating SR T cells in both draining lymph nodes and the CNS temporally correlating with overt demyelination. While both the CNS-infiltrating myeloid population and microglia ingested myelin, only CNS-infiltrating APC were capable of presenting endogenous myelin antigen to SR T cells ex vivo. Finally, SR T cell activation from the endogenous T cell repertoire was most notable when infectious virus was controlled and paralleled myelin damage. Although SR T cell accumulation peaked in the persistently infected CNS during maximal demyelination, they were not preferentially retained. Their gradual decline, despite ongoing demyelination, suggested minimal re-stimulation and pathogenic function in vivo consistent with the lack of autoimmune symptoms. The results demonstrate the potential for CNS tissue destruction to induce and recruit SR T cells to the injury site and support a host suppressive mechanism limiting development of autoimmunity.	9.004240036010742	39.30363082885742	0
Send Orders of Reprints at bspsaif@emirates.net.ae Synthetic Genomics and Synthetic Biology Applications Between Hopes and Concerns. New organisms and biological systems designed to satisfy human needs are among the aims of synthetic genomics and synthetic biology. Synthetic biology seeks to model and construct biological components, functions and organisms that do not exist in nature or to redesign existing biological systems to perform new functions. Synthetic genomics, on the other hand, encompasses technologies for the generation of chemically-synthesized whole genomes or larger parts of genomes, allowing to simultaneously engineer a myriad of changes to the genetic material of organisms. Engineering complex functions or new organisms in synthetic biology are thus progressively becoming dependent on and converging with synthetic genomics. While applications from both areas have been predicted to offer great benefits by making possible new drugs, renewable chemicals or clean energy, they have also given rise to concerns about new safety, environmental and socio-economic risks -stirring an increasingly polarizing debate. Here we intend to provide an overview on recent progress in biomedical and biotechnological applications of synthetic genomics and synthetic biology as well as on arguments and evidence related to their possible benefits, risks and governance implications.	-9.381319999694824	5.384311199188232	6
Sensitivity and specificity of a real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction detecting feline coronavirus mutations in effusion and serum/plasma of cats to diagnose feline infectious peritonitis. Background: Feline coronavirus (FCoV) exists as two pathotypes, and FCoV spike gene mutations are considered responsible for the pathotypic switch in feline infectious peritonitis (FIP) pathogenesis. The aim of this study was to evaluate sensitivity and specificity of a real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) specifically designed to detect FCoV spike gene mutations at two nucleotide positions. It was hypothesized that this test would correctly discriminate feline infectious peritonitis virus (FIPV) and feline enteric coronavirus (FECV). The study included cats with signs consistent with FIP. FIP was confirmed in cats. Twenty-five control cats were definitively diagnosed with a disease other than FIP. Effusion and/or serum/plasma samples were examined by real-time RT-PCR targeting the two FCoV spike gene fusion peptide mutations M1058 L and S1060A using an allelic discrimination approach. Sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive predictive values including 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were calculated. Results: FIPV was detected in the effusion of 25/59 cats, one of them being a control cat with chronic kidney disease. A mixed population of FIPV/FECV was detected in the effusion of 2/59 cats; all of them had FIP. RT-PCR was negative or the pathotype could not be determined in 34/59 effusion samples. In effusion, sensitivity was 68.6% (95% CI 50.7-83.2), specificity was 95.8% (95% CI 78.9-99.9). No serum/plasma samples were positive for FIPV. Conclusions: Although specificity of the test in effusions was high, one false positive result occurred. The use of serum/plasma cannot be recommended due to a low viral load in blood.	4.589306831359863	-6.49124813079834	7
Sequences, Annotation and Single Nucleotide Polymorphism of the Major Histocompatibility Complex in the Domestic Cat. Two sequences of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) regions in the domestic cat, 2.976 and 0.362 Mbps, which were separated by an ancient chromosome break (55-80 MYA) and followed by a chromosomal inversion were annotated in detail. Gene annotation of this MHC was completed and identified possible coding regions, human homologues, possible functional genes and pseudo/unidentified genes) by GENSCAN and BLASTN, BLASTP RepeatMasker programs. The first region spans 2.976 Mbp sequence, which encodes six classical class II antigens (three DRA and three DRB antigens) lacking the functional DP, DQ regions, nine antigen processing molecules (DOA/DOB, DMA/DMB, TAPASIN, and LMP2/ LMP7,TAP1/TAP2), class III genes, nineteen class I genes/gene fragments (FLAI-A to FLAI-S). Three class I genes (FLAI-H, I-K, I-E) may encode functional classical class I antigens based on deduced amino acid sequence and promoter structure. The second region spans 0.362 Mbp sequence encoding no class I genes and cross-species conserved genes, excluding class I, II and their functionally related/associated genes, namely framework genes, including three olfactory receptor genes. One previously identified feline endogenous retrovirus, a baboon retrovirus derived sequence (ECE1) and two new endogenous retrovirus sequences, similar to brown bat endogenous retrovirus (FERVmlu1, FERVmlu2) were found within a Kbp interval in the middle of class I region. MHC SNPs were examined based on comparisons of this BAC sequence and MHC homozygous 1.96WGS sequences and found that 11,654 SNPs in 2.84 Mbp (0.00411 SNP per bp), which is 2.4 times higher rate than average heterozygous region in the WGS (0.0017 SNP per bp genome), and slightly higher than the SNP rate observed in human MHC (0.00337 SNP per bp).	-19.57149887084961	23.932384490966797	8
Sequencing of the human IG light chain loci from a hydatidiform mole BAC library reveals locus-specific signatures of genetic diversity. Germline variation at immunoglobulin gene (IG) loci is critical for pathogen-mediated immunity, but establishing complete reference sequences in these regions is problematic because of segmental duplications and somatically rearranged source DNA. We sequenced BAC clones from the essentially haploid hydatidiform mole, CHM1, across the light chain IG loci, kappa (IGK) and lambda (IGL), creating single haplotype representations of these regions. The IGL haplotype is 1.25Mb of contiguous sequence with four novel V gene and one novel C gene alleles and an 11.9kbp insertion. The IGK haplotype consists of two 644kbp proximal and 466kbp distal contigs separated by a gap also present in the reference genome sequence. Our effort added an additional 49kbp of unique sequence extending into this gap. The IGK haplotype contains six novel V gene and one novel J gene alleles and a 16.7kbp region with increased sequence identity between the two IGK contigs, exhibiting signatures of interlocus gene conversion. Our data facilitated the first comparison of nucleotide diversity between the light and IG heavy (IGH) chain haplotypes within a single genome, revealing a three to six fold enrichment in the IGH locus, supporting the theory that the heavy chain may be more important in determining antigenic specificity.	-19.583316802978516	23.916889190673828	8
Serological detection of 2019-nCoV respond to the epidemic: A useful complement to nucleic acid testing. Corona Virus Disease has spread rapidly to more than countries and regions overseas and over cases have been infected, resulting in more than three thousand deaths. Rapid diagnosis of patients remains a bottleneck in containing the progress of the epidemic. We used automated chemiluminescent immunoassay to detect serum IgM and IgG antibodies to 2019-nCoV of subjects. COVID-19 patients were becoming reactive(positive) for specific antibodies from 7-12 days after the onset of morbidity. Specific IgM and IgG increased with the progression of the disease. The areas under the ROC curves of IgM and IgG were 0.988 and 1.000, respectively. Specific antibody detection has good sensitivity and specificity. Detection of specific antibodies in patients with fever can be a good distinction between COVID-19 and other diseases, so as to be a complement to nucleic acid diagnosis to early diagnosis of suspected cases. the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	8.659212112426758	-12.478728294372559	7
Serological patterns of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae, Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, Pasteurella multocida and Streptococcus suis in pig herds affected by pleuritis Open Access Acta Veterinaria Scandinavica. Background: Respiratory illness is traditionally regarded as the disease of the growing pig, and has historically mainly been associated to bacterial infections with focus on Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae and Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae. These bacteria still are of great importance, but continuously increasing herd sizes have complicated the scenario and the influence of secondary invaders may have been increased. The aim of this study was to evaluate the presence of A. pleuropneumoniae and M. hyopneumoniae, as well as that of the secondary invaders Pasteurella multocida and Streptococcus suis by serology in four pig herds (A-D) using age segregated rearing systems with high incidences of pleuritic lesions at slaughter. Pleuritic lesions registered at slaughter ranged from 20.5 to 33.1 % in the four herds. In herd A, the levels of serum antibodies to A. pleuropneumoniae exceeded A > 1.5, but not to any other microbe searched for. The seroconversion took place early during the fattening period. Similar levels of serum antibodies to A. pleuropneumoniae were also recorded in herd B, with a subsequent increase in levels of antibodies to P. multocida. Pigs seroconverted to both agents during the early phase of the fattening period. In herd C, pigs seroconverted to P. multocida during the early phase of the fattening period and thereafter to A. pleuropneumoniae. In herd D, the levels of antibodies to P. multocida exceeded A > 1.0 in absence (A < 0.5) of antibodies to A. pleuropneumoniae. The levels of serum antibodies to M. hyopneumoniae and to S. suis remained below A < 1.0 in all four herds. Pigs seroconverted to M. hyopneumoniae late during the rearing period (herd B-D), or not at all (herd A). Conclusion: Different serological patterns were found in the four herds with high levels of serum antibodies to A. pleuropneumoniae and P. multocida, either alone or in combination with each other. Seroconversion to M. hyopneumoniae late during the rearing period or not at all, confirmed the positive effect of age segregated rearing in preventing or delaying infections with M. hyopneumoniae. The results obtained highlight the necessity of diagnostic investigations to define the true disease pattern in herds with a high incidence of pleuritic lesions.	11.284249305725098	-4.691491603851318	10
Serum-dependent and independent regulation of PARP2. PARP2 belongs to a family of proteins involved in cell differentiation, DNA damage repair, cellular energy expenditure, chromatin modeling and cell differentiation. In addition to these overlapping functions with PARP1, PARP2 participates in spermatogenesis, T-cell maturation, extraembryonic endoderm formation and adipogenesis. The function(s) of PARP2 is far from complete, and the mechanism(s) by which the gene and protein are regulated are unknown. In this study, we found that two different mechanisms are used in vitro to regulate PARP2 levels. In the presence of serum, PARP2 is degraded through the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway, however, when serum is removed, PARP2 is rapidly sequestered into an SDS-and urea-insoluble fraction. This sequestration is relieved by serum in a dose-dependent manner, and again PARP2 is detected by immunoblotting. Furthermore, and despite the presence of a putative serum response element in the PARP2 gene, transcription is not affected by serum deprivation. These observations that PARP2 is tightly regulated by distinct pathways highlights the critical roles PARP2 plays under different physiological conditions.	-1.178235650062561	34.036895751953125	0
Severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus: The species and its viruses -a statement of the Coronavirus Study Group. The present outbreak of lower respiratory tract infections, including respiratory distress syndrome, is the third spillover, in only two decades, of an animal coronavirus to humans resulting in a major epidemic. Here, the Coronavirus Study Group (CSG) of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses, which is responsible for developing the official classification of viruses and taxa naming (taxonomy) of the Coronaviridae family, assessed the novelty of the human pathogen tentatively named 2019-nCoV. Based on phylogeny, taxonomy and established practice, the CSG formally recognizes this virus as a sister to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronaviruses (SARS-CoVs) of the species Severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus and designates it as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). To facilitate communication, the CSG further proposes to use the following naming convention for individual isolates: SARS-CoV-2/Isolate/Host/Date/Location. The spectrum of clinical manifestations associated with SARS-CoV-2 infections in humans remains to be determined. The independent zoonotic transmission of SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 highlights the need for studying the entire (virus) species to complement research focused on individual pathogenic viruses of immediate significance. This research will improve our understanding of virus-host interactions in an ever-changing environment and enhance our preparedness for future outbreaks. : bioRxiv preprint Defining novelty and the place of SARS-CoV-2 within the taxonomy of the Coronaviridae family During the st century, researchers studying coronaviruses -a family of enveloped positivestranded RNA viruses of vertebrates -were confronted several times with the question of coronavirus novelty, including two times when a severe or even life-threatening disease was introduced into humans from a zoonotic reservoir: this happened with severe acute respiratory	16.87175750732422	9.828718185424805	1
Sex differences in clinical findings among patients with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and severe condition. To compare the sex differences in the clinical findings among patients with severe coronavirus disease . We retrospectively collected data of patients diagnosed as severe type of COVID-19 from February to 22, 2020, including demographics, illness history, physical examination, laboratory test, management, and compared differences between men and women. : Of the patients, (59.6%) were men. The median age was years, and (63.8%) had comorbidities. The initial symptoms were mainly fever (34 [72.3%]), cough (36 [76.6%]), myalgia (5 [10.6%]) and fatigue (7 [14.9%]). Procalcitonin level was higher in men than in women (0.08 vs. 0.04ng/ml, p=0.002). N-terminal-pro brain natriuretic peptide increased in (57.1%) men and (26.3%) women (p=0.037). Five men (17.9%) had detected positive influenza A antibody, but no women. During 2-week admission, (17.9%) men and (5.3%) woman were reclassified into the critical type due to deterioration. Mortality was 3.6% in men and in women respectively. Four (21.1%) women and one man (3.6%) recovered and discharged from hospital. Conclusion: Sex differences may exist in COVID-19 patients of severe type. Men are likely to have more complicated clinical condition and worse in-hospital outcomes as compared to women. : medRxiv preprint 0.508 Neutrophil count, ×10 /L 3.1 (2.1-5.2) 4.1 (2.0-6.9) 2.9 (2.5-3.4) 0.353 Lymphocyte count, ×10 /L 1.3 (0.7-1.9) 1.2 (0.7-2.0) 1.3 (0.9-1.6) ≥1.0, No. (%) (63.8) (53.6) (78.9) 0.076 Platelet count, ×10 /L 230.0 (157.0-302.5) 218.0 (151.3-320.8) 230.0 (164.0-304.0) 0.696 ＞300.0, No. (%) (29.8) (28.6) (31.6) 0.825 Procalcitonin, ng/ml 0.06 (0.03-0.10) 0.08 (0.05-0.19) 0.04 (0.03-0.07) 0.002 increased (＞0.05), No. (%) (53.2) (67.9) (31.6) 0.014 the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	21.964929580688477	-23.056276321411133	9
Significance of hydrophobic and charged sequence similarities in sodium-bile acid cotransporter and vitamin D-binding protein macrophage activating factor. Sodium-bile acid cotransporter, also denominated sodium-taurocholate cotransporting polypeptide (NTCP) is an integral membrane protein with multiple hydrophobic transmembrane domains. The third extracellular domain of NTCP presents a stretch of nine aminoacids (KGIVISLVL) that is characterized by pronounced hydrophobicity and serves as receptor for a protein, preS1, showing the hydrophobic epta-peptide sequence NPLGFFP. Vitamin D-binding protein macrophage activating factor (DBP-MAF) is a multifunctional protein that is characterized by two hydrophobic regions able to bind fatty acids and vitamin D, respectively. Here we demonstrate that NTCP and DBP-MAF show significant sequence similarities as far as hydrophobic stretches of aminoacids are concerned. Alignment of the sequence of seven aminoacids preceding the 157-KGIVISLVL-165 stretch of NTCP shows four aminoacids that are identical to those of the corresponding sequence of DBP-MAF, and two that are conserved substitutions. In addition, in the sequence of DBP-MAF that is aligned with the sequence YKGIVISLVL of NTCP, there are two contiguous negatively charged aminoacids (ED) and, in the preceding epta-peptide sequence, there are three negatively charged aminoacids (D-ED), whereas in the corresponding sequence of NTCP there are only two (D--D) that are not contiguous. This concentration of negatively charged aminoacids may be involved in binding of protein inserts characterized by high density of positively charges residues. The alternating hydrophobic and electrostatic interactions described in this paper may help elucidating the biological roles of these proteins as far as protein-protein interactions are concerned.	2.2698428630828857	19.823606491088867	8
Simulating the infected population and spread trend of 2019-nCov under different policy by EIR model. Chinese government has taken strong measures in response to the epidemic of new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from Jan.23, 2020. The number of confirmed infected individuals are still increasing rapidly. Estimating the accurate infected population and the future trend of epidemic spreading under control measures is significant and urgent. There have been reports external icon of spread from an infected patient with no symptoms to a close contact, which means the incubation individuals may has the possibility of infectiousness. However, the traditional transmission model, Susceptible-Exposed-Infectious-Recovered (SEIR) model, assumes that the exposed individual is being infected but without infectiousness. Thus, the estimating infected populations based on SEIR model from the existing literatures seems too far more than the official reported data. Here, we inferred that the epidemic could be spread by exposed (incubation) individuals. Then, we provide a new Exposed-identified-Recovered (EIR) model, and simulated the epidemic spreading processes from free propagation phase to extremely control phase. Then, we estimate of the size of the epidemic and forecast the future development of the epidemics under strong prevention interventions. According to the spread characters of 2019-nCov, we construct a novel EIR compartment system dynamics model. This model integrates two phases of the epidemic spreading: before intervention and after intervention. We assume that 2019-nCov is firstly spread without intervention then the government started to take strong quarantine measures. Use the latest reported data from National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China, we estimate the basic parameters of the model and the basic reproduction number of 2019-nCov. Then, based on this model, we simulate the future spread of the epidemics. Both the infected population and the spreading trend of 2019-nCov under different prevention policy scenarios are estimated. The epidemic spreading trends under different quarantine rate and action starting date of prevention policy are simulated and compared. In our baseline scenario, the government has taken strict prevention actions, and the estimate numbers fit the official numbers very well. Simulation results tells that, if the prevention measures are relaxed or the action starting date of prevention measures is later than Jan. 23, 2020, the peak of identified individuals would be greatly increased, and the elimination date also would be delayed. We estimate the reproductive number for 2019-nCoV was 2.7. And simulation of the baseline scenario tells that, the peak infected individuals will be at Feb.16, and the epidemic spreading will be eliminated at the end of March 2020. The simulation results also tell that the quarantine rate and the starting date of intervention action policy have great effect on the epidemic spreading. Specifically, if the quarantine rate is reduced from 100% to less than 63%, which is the threshold of the quarantine rate to control the epidemic . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-5.020291328430176	-24.51948356628418	3
Single Assay for Simultaneous Detection and Differential Identification of Human and Avian Influenza Virus Types, Subtypes, and Emergent Variants. For more than four decades the cause of most type A influenza virus infections of humans has been attributed to only two viral subtypes, A/H1N1 or A/H3N2. In contrast, avian and other vertebrate species are a reservoir of type A influenza virus genome diversity, hosting strains representing at least of combinations of viral hemagglutinin and viral neuraminidase subtypes. Viral genome segment reassortments and mutations emerging within this reservoir may spawn new influenza virus strains as imminent epidemic or pandemic threats to human health and poultry production. Traditional methods to detect and differentiate influenza virus subtypes are either time-consuming and labor-intensive (culture-based) or remarkably insensitive (antibody-based). Molecular diagnostic assays based upon reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) have short assay cycle time, and high analytical sensitivity and specificity. However, none of these diagnostic tests determine viral gene nucleotide sequences to distinguish strains and variants of a detected pathogen from one specimen to the next. Decision-quality, strain-and variant-specific pathogen gene sequence information may be critical for public health, infection control, surveillance, epidemiology, or medical/veterinary treatment planning. The Resequencing Pathogen Microarray (RPM-Flu) is a robust, highly multiplexed and target gene sequencing-based alternative to both traditional culture-or biomarker-based diagnostic tests. RPM-Flu is a single, simultaneous differential diagnostic assay for all subtype combinations of type A influenza viruses and for other viral and bacterial pathogens that may cause influenzalike illness. These other pathogen targets of RPM-Flu may co-infect and compound the morbidity and/or mortality of patients with influenza. The informative specificity of a single RPM-Flu test represents specimen-specific viral gene sequences as determinants of virus type, A/HN subtype, virulence, host-range, and resistance to antiviral agents. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Public Domain declaration which stipulates that, once placed in the public domain, this work may be freely reproduced, distributed, transmitted, modified, built upon, or otherwise used by anyone for any lawful purpose.	-0.38248470425605774	-3.1364619731903076	10
Single cell RNA sequencing of human tissues identify cell types and receptors of human coronaviruses. The new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak from December in Wuhan, Hubei, China, has been declared a global public health emergency. Angiotensin I converting enzyme (ACE2), is the host receptor by 2019-nCov to infect human cells. Although ACE2 is reported to be expressed in lung, liver, stomach, ileum, kidney and colon, its expressing levels are rather low, especially in the lung. 2019-nCoV may use co-receptors/auxiliary proteins as ACE2 partner to facilitate the virus entry. To identify the potential candidates, we explored the single cell gene expression atlas including cell types of human tissues and analyzed the single cell coexpression spectrum of reported RNA virus receptors and other membrane proteins. Consistent with other recent reports, we confirmed that ACE2 was mainly expressed in lung AT2, liver cholangiocyte, colon colonocytes, esophagus keratinocytes, ileum ECs, rectum ECs, stomach epithelial cells, and kidney proximal tubules. Intriguingly, we found that the candidate co-receptors, manifesting the most similar expression patterns with ACE2 across human tissues, are all peptidases, including ANPEP, DPP4 and ENPEP. Among them, ANPEP and DPP4 are the known receptors for human CoVs, suggesting ENPEP as another potential receptor for human CoVs. We also conducted "CellPhoneDB" analysis to understand the cell crosstalk between CoV-targets and their surrounding cells across different tissues. We found that macrophages frequently communicate with the CoVs targets through chemokine and phagocytosis signaling, highlighting the importance of tissue macrophages in immune defense and immune pathogenesis.	5.340343952178955	5.4449543952941895	11
Single-cell Analysis of ACE2 Expression in Human Kidneys and Bladders Reveals a Potential Route of 2019-nCoV Infection. Since December 2019, a novel coronavirus named coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has emerged in Wuhan of China and spread to several countries worldwide within just one month. Apart from fever and respiratory complications, acute kidney injury has been observed in some patients with 2019-nCoV. In a short period of time, angiotensin converting enzyme II (ACE2), have been proposed to serve as the receptor for the entry of 2019-nCoV, which is the same for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS). To investigate the possible cause of kidney damage in 2019-nCoV patients, we used both published kidney and bladder cell atlas data and an independent unpublished kidney single cell RNA-Seq data generated in-house to evaluate ACE2 gene expressions in all cell types in healthy kidneys and bladders. Our results showed the enriched expression of all subtypes of proximal tubule cells of kidney and low but detectable levels of expression in bladder epithelial cells. These results indicated the urinary system is a potential route for 2019-nCoV infection, along with the respiratory system and digestion system. Our findings suggested the kidney abnormalities of SARS and 2019-nCoV patients may be due to proximal tubule cells damage and subsequent systematic inflammatory response induced kidney injury. Beyond that, laboratory tests of viruses and related indicators in urine may be needed in some special patients of 2019-nCoV.	5.888864517211914	4.255096912384033	4
Single-cell RNA expression profiling of ACE2, the putative receptor of Wuhan 2019-nCoV, in the nasal tissue. A novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, and then spreads to the other Provinces of China. WHO decides to determine a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC) of 2019-nCoV. 2019-nCov was reported to share the same receptor, Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2), with SARS-Cov. Here based on the public single-cell RNA-Seq datasets, we analyzed the ACE2 RNA expression profile in the tissues at different locations of the respiratory tract. The result indicates that the ACE2 expression appears in nasal epithelial cells. We found that the size of this population of ACE2-expressing nasal epithelial cells is comparable with the size of the population of ACE2-expression type II alveolar cells (AT2) in the Asian sample reported by Yu Zhao et al. We further detected 2019-nCoV by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) from the nasal-swab and throat-swab of seven suspected cases. We found that 2019-nCoV tends to have a higher concentration in the nasal-swab comparing to the throat-swab, which could attribute to the ACE2-expressing nasal epithelial cells. We hope this study could be informative for virus-prevention strategy development, especially the treatment of nasal mucus. Severe infection by 2019-nCoV could result in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and sepsis, causing death in approximately 2% of infected individuals . Once contacted with the human airway, the spike proteins of 2019-nCoV can bind the surface receptors of sensitive cells, and mediate the virus to enter into target cells. Recently, Xu et.al. modeled the spike protein and indicated that Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) could be the receptor for this 2019-nCoV . Zhou et. showed that ACE2 is essential for 2019-nCov to enter HeLa cells . These data indicated that ACE2 is likely to be the receptor for 2019-nCov.	6.170393943786621	5.319579601287842	4
Single-cell RNA expression profiling of ACE2, the putative receptor of Wuhan 2019-nCov. A novel coronavirus (2019-nCov) was identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in December of 2019. This new coronavirus has resulted in thousands of cases of lethal disease in China, with additional patients being identified in a rapidly growing number internationally. 2019-nCov was reported to share the same receptor, Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2), with SARS-Cov. Here based on the public database and the state-of-the-art single-cell RNA-	6.507621765136719	6.395087242126465	4
Social history and exposure to pathogen signals modulate social status effects on gene regulation in rhesus macaques. Social experiences are an important predictor of disease susceptibility and survival in humans and other social mammals. Chronic social stress is thought to generate a proinflammatory state characterized by elevated antibacterial defenses and reduced investment in antiviral defense. Here, we manipulated long-term social status in female rhesus macaques to show that social subordination alters the gene expression response to ex vivo bacterial and viral challenge. As predicted by current models, bacterial lipopolysaccharide polarizes the immune response such that low status corresponds to higher expression of genes in NF-κBdependent pro-inflammatory pathways and lower expression of genes involved in the antiviral response and type I interferon (IFN) signaling. Counter to predictions, however, low status drives more exaggerated expression of both NF-κB and IFN-associated genes after cells are exposed to the viral mimic Gardiquimod. Status-driven gene expression patterns are not only linked to social status at the time of sampling, but also to social history (i.e., past social status), especially in unstimulated cells. However, for a subset of genes, we observed interaction effects in which females who fell in rank were more strongly affected by current social status than those who climbed the social hierarchy. Together, our results indicate that the effects of social status on immune cell gene expression depend on pathogen exposure, pathogen type, and social history -in support of social experience-mediated biological embedding in adulthood, even in the conventionally memory-less innate immune system.	10.879429817199707	32.38212585449219	0
Spatial Analysis of the Distribution, Risk Factors and Access to Medical Resources of Patients with Hepatitis B in Shenzhen, China. Considering the high morbidity of hepatitis B in China, many epidemiological studies based on classic medical statistical analysis have been started but lack spatial information. However, spatial information such as the spatial distribution, autocorrelation and risk factors of the disease is of great help in studying patients with hepatitis B. This study examined cases of hepatitis B that were hospitalized in Shenzhen in and studied the spatial distribution, risk factors and spatial access to health services using spatial interpolation, Pearson correlation analysis and the improved two-step floating catchment area method. The results showed that the spatial distribution of hepatitis B, along with risk factors as well as spatial access to the regional medical resources, was uneven and mainly concentrated in the south and southwest of Shenzhen in 2010. In addition, the distribution characteristics of hepatitis B revealed a positive correlation between four types of service establishments and risk factors for the disease. The Pearson correlation coefficients are 0.566, 0.515, 0.626, 0.538 corresponding to bath centres, beauty OPEN ACCESS salons, massage parlours and pedicure parlours (p < 0.05). Additionally, the allocation of medical resources for hepatitis B is adequate, as most patients could be treated at nearby hospitals. The hepatitis B virus (HBV) is one of the most common viral infections in the world, leading to many deaths each year from associated liver diseases [1, 2] . HBV is also an important public health issue in China [2], as national surveys conducted since the 1970s have repeatedly showed high morbidity from HBV infections in the general population [3, 4] . To address this challenge, many scholars now to study the disease using different approaches (e.g., pathology, immunology and epidemiology), but none of these approaches incorporate spatial information [5] . With the development of Geographic Information System (GIS) technology and its applications in epidemiology [6], it has become clear the spatial information has great value in Epidemiology. Spatial epidemiology is a branch of epidemiology that uses spatial information to extend the analysis of disease distribution and risk factors. This information serves as a powerful analytical tool for epidemiological studies and will likely show greater significance in the future [7]. Our team have done some works on spatial epidemiology [8-10]. Using geographic information systems and spatial analysis technology, spatial epidemiology attempts to describe and analyze human diseases, including the spatial distribution characteristics of health and hygiene events as well as the regularity of changes and developments. Spatial epidemiology also explores the decisive elements that can impact public health and provides strategies and measures for disease prevention and cure and health promotion and hygiene services [7, 11] . Research on this subject mainly utilizes four elements: disease mapping, risk assessment in relation to a point or line source, disease clustering analysis and geographical correlation studies [11] . Disease mapping is the most important tool in spatial epidemiology and is used to describe and evaluate disease area distribution [7]. The most typical example of disease mapping is the epidemiological investigation of a cholera outbreak caused by street water pollution in London in [12, 13] . The assessment of risk factors is similar to geographical correlation studies in that they both focus on studying cause of geographical phenomenon. Moreover, analysis of disease clustering uses statistical methods to identify disease spatial aggregation, thus providing corresponding methods to search for etiologic clues [7, 14, 15] . Among the four study elements, disease mapping and disease clustering analysis are relatively mature, and typical methods and models, such as spatial interpolation and spatial scan statistics are commonly used [16] [17] [18] . However, exploring the risk factors for disease is complex and difficult, especially for diseases in which it is difficult to obtain patient exposure information, and data involving patients' privacy [7] ; this challenge represents a weak link in epidemiological studies. Compared with other infectious diseases such as schistosomiasis [19, 20] , most respiratory system diseases [21] and cardiovascular diseases [8], the spatial risk factors for hepatitis B are less obvious, and there have been few studies on this aspect. In view of this problem, this study sought to explore the spatial risk factors for hepatitis B and to discover the relationship between these risk factors and hepatitis B morbidity.	-18.432573318481445	-25.337430953979492	2
Spatial epidemiology of networked metapopulation: An overview. An emerging disease is one infectious epidemic caused by a newly transmissible pathogen, which has either appeared for the first time or already existed in human populations, having the capacity to increase rapidly in incidence as well as geographic range. Adapting to human immune system, emerging diseases may trigger large-scale pandemic spreading, such as the transnational spreading of SARS, the global outbreak of A(H1N1), and the recent potential invasion of avian influenza A(H7N9). To study the dynamics mediating the transmission of emerging diseases, spatial epidemiology of networked metapopulation provides a valuable modeling framework, which takes spatially distributed factors into consideration. This review elaborates the latest progresses on the spatial metapopulation dynamics, discusses empirical and theoretical findings that verify the validity of networked metapopulations, and the application in evaluating the effectiveness of disease intervention strategies as well.	-12.857621192932129	-19.525279998779297	5
Spatially Explicit Modeling of 2019-nCoV Epidemic Trend Based on Mobile Phone Data in Mainland China. As of February 11, 2020, all prefecture-level cities in mainland China have reported confirmed cases of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), but the city-level epidemical dynamics is unknown. The aim of this study is to model the current dynamics of 2019-nCoV at city level and predict the trend in the next days under three possible scenarios in mainland China. We developed a spatially explicit epidemic model to consider the unique characteristics of the virus transmission in individual cities. Our model considered that the rate of virus transmission among local residents is different from those with Wuhan travel history due to the self-isolation policy. We introduced a decay rate to quantify the effort of each city to gradually control the disease spreading. We used mobile phone data to obtain the number of individuals in each city who have travel history to Wuhan. This city-level model was	-2.558427333831787	-28.419851303100586	3
Specific ACE2 Expression in Cholangiocytes May Cause Liver Damage After 2019-nCoV Infection. A newly identified coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, has been posing significant threats to public health since December 2019. ACE2, the host cell receptor for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS), has recently been demonstrated in mediating 2019-nCoV infection. Interestingly, besides the respiratory system, substantial proportion of SARS and 2019-nCoV patients showed signs of various degrees of liver damage, the mechanism and implication of which have not yet been determined. Here, we performed an unbiased evaluation of cell type specific expression of ACE2 in healthy liver tissues using single cell RNA-seq data of two independent cohorts, and identified specific expression in cholangiocytes. The results indicated that virus might directly bind to ACE2 positive cholangiocytes but not necessarily hepatocytes. This finding suggested the liver abnormalities of SARS and 2019-nCoV patients may not be due to hepatocyte damage, but cholangiocyte dysfunction and other causes such as drug induced and systemic inflammatory response induced liver injury. Our findings indicate that special care of liver dysfunction should be installed in treating 2019-nCoV patients during the hospitalization and shortly after cure. : bioRxiv preprint rise of liver enzymes, implying liver function damage in patients infected with MERS-CoV [9]. An very recent epidemiologic study revealed that out of initial patients infected with 2019-nCoV had various degrees of liver function abnormality, with alanine aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) above the normal range, and more important, one	6.230162143707275	3.623807191848755	7
Speed and strength of an epidemic intervention. An epidemic can be characterized by its speed (i.e., the exponential growth rate r) and strength (i.e., the reproductive number R). Disease modelers have historically placed much more emphasis on strength, in part because the effectiveness of an intervention strategy is typically evaluated on this scale. Here, we develop a mathematical framework for this classic, strength-based paradigm and show that there is a corresponding speed-based paradigm which can provide complementary insights. In particular, we note that r = is a threshold for disease spread, just like R = 1, and show that we can measure the speed and strength of an intervention on the same scale as the speed and strength of an epidemic, respectively. We argue that, just as the strength-based paradigm provides the clearest insight into certain questions, the speed-based paradigm provides the clearest view in other cases. As an example, we show that evaluating the prospects of "test-and-treat" interventions against the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) can be done more clearly on the speed than strength scale, given uncertainty in the proportion of HIV spread that happens early in the course of infection. We suggest that disease modelers should avoid over-emphasizing the reproductive number at the expense of the exponential growth rate, but instead look at these as complementary measures.	-15.51823616027832	-12.937307357788086	5
Spike protein binding prediction with neutralizing antibodies of SARS-CoV-2 2. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a new emerging human infectious disease caused by Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2, also previously known as 2019-nCoV), originated in Wuhan seafood and animal market, China. Since December 2019, more than 69,000 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in China and quickly spreads to other counties. Currently, researchers put their best efforts to identify effective drugs for COVID-19. The neutralizing antibody, which binds to viral capsid in a manner that inhibits cellular entry of virus and uncoating of the genome, is the specific defense against viral invaders. In this study, we investigate to identify neutralizing antibodies that can bind to SARS-CoV-2 Sipke (S) protein and interfere with the interaction between viral S protein and a host receptor by bioinformatic methods. The sequence analysis of S protein showed two major differences in the RBD region of the SARS-CoV-2 S protein compared to SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV related bat viruses (btSARS-CoV). The insertion regions were close to interacting residues with the human ACE2 receptor. Epitope analysis of neutralizing antibodies revealed that SARS-CoV neutralizing antibodies used conformational epitopes, whereas MERS-CoV neutralizing antibodies used a common linear epitope region, which contributes to form the β-sheet structure in MERS-CoV S protein and deleted in SARS-CoV-2 S protein. To identify effective neutralizing antibodies for SARS-CoV-2, the binding affinities of neutralizing antibodies with SARS-CoV-2 S protein were predicted and compared by antibody-antigen docking simulation. The result showed that CR3022 neutralizing antibody from human may have higher binding affinity with SARS-CoV-2 S protein than SARS-CoV S protein. We also found that F26G19 and D12 mouse antibodies could bind to SARS-CoV S protein with high affinity. Our findings provide crucial clues towards the development of antigen diagnosis, therapeutic antibody, and the vaccine against SARS-42 CoV-2.	10.082531929016113	14.41026782989502	4
Spread and control of COVID-19 in China and their associations with medical resources 4. BACKGROUND The COVID-19 epidemic, first emerged in Wuhan during December 2019, has spread globally. While the mass population movement for Chinese New Year has significantly influenced spreading the disease, little direct evidence exists about the relevance to epidemic and its control of population movement from Wuhan, local emergency response, and medical resources in China. fatality rate was 2.84%, much higher in Hubei than in other regions (3.27% vs 0.73%). The index of population inflow from Hubei was positively correlated with total (Provincial r=0.9159, p<0.001; City r=0.6311, p<0.001) and primary cases (Provincial r=0.8702, p<0.001; City r=0.6358, p<0.001). The local health emergency measures (eg, city lockdown and traffic control) were associated with reduced infections nationwide. Moreover, the number of public health employees per capita was inversely correlated with total cases (r=-0.6295, p <0.001) and infection rates (r =-0.4912, p <0.01). Similarly, cities with less medical resources had higher fatality (r =-0.4791, p<0.01) and lower cure rates (r = 0.5286, p<0.01) among the confirmed cases. CONCLUSIONS The spread of the COVID-19 in China in its early phase was attributed primarily to population movement from Hubei, and effective governmental health emergency measures and adequate medical resources played important roles in subsequent control of epidemic and improved prognosis of affected individuals. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-14.203951835632324	-42.934837341308594	9
Spread of SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus likely to be constrained by climate. CoV-2 (aka 2019-nCoV) Coronavirus are confirmed throughout the world and millions of people are being put into quarantine, few doubt the virus will reach pandemic state. Some worry it could badly hit the developing world, such as sub-Saharan Africa, potentially leading to a global human calamity. It is still early days, but using existing data we develop a large ensemble of ecological niche models that project monthly variation in climate suitability of SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus throughout a typical climatological year. The current spread suggests a degree of climate determination with Coronavirus displaying preference for cool and dry conditions. The predecessor SARS-CoV was linked to similar climate conditions. Should the spread of SARS CoV-2 continue to follow current trends, a worst-case scenario of synchronous global pandemic is improbable. More probable is the emergence of asynchronous seasonal global outbreaks much like other respiratory diseases. People in temperate warm and cold climates are more vulnerable. Those in arid climates follow next in vulnerability, while the disease will likely marginally affect the tropics. Our projections minimize uncertainties related with spread of SARS CoV-2, providing critical information for anticipating the adequate social, economic and political responses.	0.10896933078765869	-21.477832794189453	2
Spreading predictability in complex networks. Spreading dynamics analysis is an important and interesting topic since it has many applications such as rumor or disease controlling, viral marketing and information recommending. Many state-of-the-art researches focus on predicting infection scale or threshold. Few researchers pay attention to the predicting of infection nodes from a snapshot. With developing of precision marketing, recommending and, controlling, how to predict infection nodes precisely from snapshot becomes a key issue in spreading dynamics analysis. In this paper, a probability based prediction model is presented so as to estimate the infection nodes from a snapshot of spreading. Experimental results on synthetic and real networks demonstrate that the model proposed could predict the infection nodes precisely in the sense of probability. Researchers have gotten many achievements on macro level of spreading such as phase transition of spreading [26] and basic reproduction number [27]. Up to now, many researches focus on estimating of infection scale. The simplest one is mean-field model, in which, the spreading coverage can be predicted by using differential equations [24]. Besides mean-field model, some more realistic models such as pair approximation [25] and permutation entropy [28] are considered to predict the infection scale or infectious disease outbreaks. The main difference between mean-field and pair approximation is that the former(latter) approximates high-order moments in term of first (second) order ones. In [28] , the researchers studied the predictability of a	-10.486518859863281	-14.017501831054688	5
Statistical Evaluation of HTS Assays for Enzymatic Hydrolysis of β-Keto Esters. β-keto esters are used as precursors for the synthesis of β-amino acids, which are building blocks for some classes of pharmaceuticals. Here we describe the comparison of screening procedures for hydrolases to be used for the hydrolysis of β-keto esters, the first step in the preparation of β-amino acids. Two of the tested high throughput screening (HTS) assays depend on coupled enzymatic reactions which detect the alcohol released during ester hydrolysis by luminescence or absorption. The third assay detects the pH shift due to acid formation using an indicator dye. To choose the most efficient approach for screening, we assessed these assays with different statistical methods-namely, the classical Z'-factor, standardized mean difference (SSMD), the Kolmogorov-Smirnov-test, and t-statistics. This revealed that all three assays are suitable for HTS, the pH assay performing best. Based on our data we discuss the explanatory power of different statistical measures. Finally, we successfully employed the pH assay to identify a very fast hydrolase in an enzyme-substrate screening.	-22.84673309326172	16.0371036529541	11
Statistics based predictions of coronavirus 2019-nCoV spreading in mainland China. The epidemic outbreak cased by coronavirus 2019-nCoV is of great interest to researches because of the high rate of spread of the infection and the significant number of fatalities. A detailed scientific analysis of the phenomenon is yet to come, but the public is already interested in the questions of the duration of the epidemic, the expected number of patients and deaths. For long time predictions, the complicated mathematical models are necessary which need many efforts for unknown parameters identification and calculations. In this article, some preliminary estimates will be presented. Since the reliable long time data are available only for mainland China, we will try to predict the epidemic characteristics only in this area. We will estimate some of the epidemic characteristics and present the most reliable dependences for victim numbers, infected and removed persons versus time. In this study we use the known SIR model for the dynamics of an epidemic, the known exact solution of the linear equations and statistical approach developed before for investigation of the children disease, which occurred in Chernivtsi (Ukraine) in 1988-1989. The optimal values of the SIR model parameters were identified with the use of statistical approach. The numbers of infected, susceptible and removed persons versus time were predicted. Simple mathematical model was used to predict the characteristics of the epidemic caused by coronavirus 2019-nCoV in mainland China. The further research should focus on the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is . updating the predictions with the use of fresh data and using more complicated mathematical models.	-8.811341285705566	-21.393827438354492	3
Stochastic challenges to interrupting helminth transmission. Predicting the effect of different programmes designed to control both the morbidity induced by helminth infections and parasite transmission is greatly facilitated by the use of mathematical models of transmission and control impact. In such models, it is essential to account for as many sources of uncertainty-natural, or otherwise -to ensure robustness in prediction and to accurately depict variation around an expected outcome. In this paper, we investigate how well the standard deterministic models match the predictions made using individual-based stochastic simulations. We also explore how well concepts which derive from deterministic models, such as 'breakpoints' in transmission, apply in the stochastic world. Employing an individual based stochastic model framework we also investigate how transmission and control are affected by the migration of infected people into a defined community. To give our study focus we consider the control of soil-transmitted helminths (STH) by mass drug administration (MDA), though our methodology is readily applicable to the other helminth species such as the schistosome parasites and the filarial worms. We show it is possible to define a 'stochastic breakpoint' where much noise surrounds the expected deterministic breakpoint. We also discuss the concept of the 'interruption of transmission' independent of the 'breakpoint' concept where analyses of model behaviour illustrate the current limitations of deterministic models to account for the 'fade-out' or transmission extinction behaviour in simulations. The analyses based on migration confirm a relationship between the infected human migration rate per unit of time and the death rate of infective stages that are released into the free-living environment (eggs or larvae depending on the STH species) that create the reservoir of infection which in turn determines the likelihood that control activities aim at chemotherapeutic treatment of the human host will eliminate transmission. The development of a new stochastic simulation code for STH in the form of a publicly-available open-source python package which includes features to incorporate many population stratifications, different control interventions including mass drug administration (with defined frequency, coverage levels and compliance patterns) and inter-village human migration is also described. : medRxiv preprint Following past publications [12, 23] , the STH transmission model we introduce here is a stochastic individual-based analogue to the deterministic original given in Refs. [26, 11, 7] . : medRxiv preprint ∂ ∂Z G jn [Z(t), t] = λ jn Λ j (t) [Z(t) − 1] G jn [Z(t), t] , whose solution is given by Eq. (A.4) when one replaces Z(t ) − with the inverted form of the equation above.	-15.837690353393555	-14.256719589233398	5
Stochastic discrete epidemic modeling of COVID-19 transmission in the Province of Shaanxi incorporating public health intervention and case importation. Before the lock-down of Wuhan/Hubei/China, on January rd 2020, a large number of individuals infected by COVID-19 moved from the epicenter Wuhan and the Hubei province due to the Spring Festival, resulting in an epidemic in the other provinces including the Shaanxi province. The epidemic scale in Shaanxi was comparatively small and with half of cases being imported from the epicenter. Based on the complete epidemic data including the symptom onset time and transmission chains, we calculate the control reproduction number (1.48-1.69) in Xi'an. We could also compute the time transition, for each imported or local case, from the latent, to infected, to hospitalized compartment, as well as the effective reproduction number. This calculation enables us to revise our early deterministic transmission model to a stochastic discrete epidemic model with case importation and parameterize it. Our model-based analyses reveal that the newly generated infections decay to zero quickly; the cumulative number of case-driven quarantined individuals via contact tracing stabilize at a manageable level, indicating that the intervention strategies implemented in the Shaanxi province have been effective. Risk analyses, important for the consideration of "resumption of work", show that a large second outbreak is expected if the level of case importation remains at the same level as between January th and February th 2020. However, if the case importation decreases by 30%, 60% and 90%, the second outbreak if happening will be of small-scale assuming contact tracing and quarantine/isolation remain as effective as before. Finally, we consider the effects of intermittent inflow with a Poisson distribution on the likelihood of multiple outbreaks. We believe the developed methodology and stochastic model provide an important model framework for the evaluation of revising travel restriction rules in the consideration of resuming social-economic activities while managing the disease control with potential case importation.	-5.6592302322387695	-26.888633728027344	3
Stochastic dynamics of an epidemics with recurrent spillovers from an endemic reservoir. Most emerging human infectious diseases have an animal origin. Yet, while zoonotic diseases originate from a primary reservoir, most theoretical studies have principally focused on single-host processes, either exclusively humans or exclusively animals, without considering the importance of animal to human transmission for understanding the dynamics of emerging infectious diseases. Here we aim to investigate the importance of spillover transmission for explaining the number and the size of outbreaks. We propose a simple stochastic Susceptible-Infected-Recovered model with a recurrent infection of an incidental host from a reservoir (e.g. humans by a zoonotic species), considering two	-13.714437484741211	-18.526283264160156	5
Strategies for vaccine design for corona virus using Immunoinformatics techniques. The cutting-edge technology vaccinomics is the combination of two topics immunogenetics and immunogenomics with the knowledge of systems biology and immune profiling for designing vaccine against infectious disease. In our present study, an epitope-based peptide vaccine against nonstructural protein of beta coronavirus, using a combination of B cell and T cell epitope predictions, followed by molecular docking methods are performed. Here, protein sequences of homologous nonstructural protein of beta coronavirus are collected and conserved regions present in them are investigated via phylogenetic study to determine the most immunogenic part of protein. From the identified region of the target protein, the peptide sequence IRNTTNPSAR from the region ranging from 38-47 and the sequence PTDTYTSVYLGKFRG from the positions of 76-90 are considered as the most potential B cell and T cell epitopes respectively. Furthermore, this predicted T cell epitopes PTDTYTSVY and PTDTYTSVYLGKFRG interacted with MHC allelic proteins HLA-A*01:01 and HLA-DRB5*01:01 respectively with the low IC values. These epitopes are perfectly fitted into the epitope binding grooves of alpha helix of MHC I molecule and MHC II molecule with binding energy scores -725.0 Kcal/mole and -786.0 Kcal/mole respectively, showing stability in MHC molecules binding. This MHC restricted epitope PTDTYTSVY also showed a good conservancy of 50.16% in world population coverage. This MHC I HLA-A*01:01 allele is present among 58.87% of Chinese population also. Therefore, the epitopes IRNTTNPSAR and PTDTYTSVYLGKFRG may be considered as potential peptides for peptide-based vaccine for coronavirus after further experimental study.	3.7104616165161133	11.078217506408691	4
Stress-Induced Transcriptional Memory Accelerates Promoter-Proximal Pause-Release and Decelerates Termination over Mitotic Divisions 2! the transcription machinery. These results mechanistically uncovered how the steps of pause-30! release and termination maintain transcriptional memory over mitosis.	-6.390941143035889	32.196048736572266	8
Stress-induced phospho-ubiquitin formation causes parkin degradation. Mutations in the E3 ubiquitin ligase parkin are the most common known cause of autosomal recessive parkinsonism. Multiple types of stress decrease parkin protein levels, an effect that may be relevant to sporadic Parkinson's disease (PD), but the mechanism(s) involved in this loss remain largely unclear. We sought to elucidate these mechanisms using a PD-relevant stressor, L-DOPA, the precursor to dopamine, which forms reactive oxygen species (ROS) as well as toxic quinones via auto-oxidation. We find that L-DOPA causes parkin loss through both an oxidative stress-independent and an oxidative stress-dependent pathway. Characterization of the latter reveals that it requires both the kinase PINK1 and parkin's interaction with phosphorylated ubiquitin (phospho-Ub) and is mediated by proteasomal degradation. Surprisingly, mitochondrial parkin activity and autoubiquitination as well as mitophagy are not required for such loss. During stress induced by the oxidative stressor hydrogen peroxide or the metabolic uncoupler CCCP, parkin degradation also requires its association with phospho-Ub, indicating that this mechanism is broadly generalizable. As oxidative stress, metabolic dysfunction and phospho-Ub levels are all elevated in PD patients, we suggest that these changes may lead to the loss of parkin expression in PD.	-0.8404137492179871	35.91231918334961	0
Strong evolutionary convergence of receptor-binding protein spike between COVID-19 and SARS-related coronaviruses. Coronavirus Disease and severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-related coronaviruses (e.g., 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV) are phylogenetically distantly related, but both are capable of infecting human hosts via the same receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2, and cause similar clinical and pathological features, suggesting their phenotypic convergence. Yet, the molecular basis that underlies their phenotypic convergence remains unknown. Here, we used a recently developed molecular phyloecological approach to examine the molecular basis leading to their phenotypic convergence. Our genome-level analyses show that the spike protein, which is responsible for receptor binding, has undergone significant Darwinian selection along the branches related to 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV. Further examination shows an unusually high proportion of evolutionary convergent amino acid sites in the receptor binding domain (RBD) of the spike protein between COVID-19 and SARS-related CoV clades, leading to the phylogenetic uniting of their RBD protein sequences. In addition to the spike protein, we also find the evolutionary convergence of its partner protein, ORF3a, suggesting their possible co-evolutionary convergence. Our results demonstrate a strong adaptive evolutionary convergence between COVID-19 and SARS-related CoV, possibly facilitating their adaptation to similar or identical receptors. Finally, it should be noted that many observed bat SARS-like CoVs that have an evolutionary convergent RBD sequence with 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV may be preadapted to human host receptor ACE2, and hence would be potential new coronavirus sources to infect humans in the future.	9.390789031982422	10.152423858642578	4
Structural and functional conservation of the programmed -1 ribosomal frameshift signal of SARS-CoV-2. years after the SARS-CoV epidemic, the world is facing the COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 is caused by a coronavirus named SARS-CoV-2. Given the most optimistic projections estimating that it will take more than a year to develop a vaccine, our best short term strategy may lie in identifying virus-specific targets for small molecule interventions. All coronaviruses utilize a molecular mechanism called -1 PRF to control the relative expression of their proteins. Prior analyses of SARS-CoV revealed that it utilizes a structurally unique three-stemmed mRNA pseudoknot to stimulate high rates of -1 PRF, that it also harbors a -1 PRF attenuation element. Altering -1 PRF activity negatively impacts virus replication, suggesting that this molecular mechanism may be therapeutically targeted. Here we present a comparative analysis of the original SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 frameshift signals. Structural analyses reveal that the core -1 PRF signal, composed of the U UUA AAC slippery site and three-stemmed mRNA pseudoknot is highly conserved. In contrast, the upstream attenuator hairpin is less well conserved. Functional assays revealed that both elements promote similar rates of -1 PRF and that silent coding mutations in the slippery site strongly ablate -1 PRF activity. We suggest that molecules that were previously identified as inhibiting SARS-CoV mediated -1 PRF may serve as lead compounds to counter the current pandemic.	3.9153969287872314	18.333946228027344	4
Structural basis for the neutralization of MERS-CoV by a human monoclonal antibody MERS-27. The recently reported Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) causes severe respiratory illness in humans with an approximately 30% mortality rate. The envelope spike glycoprotein on the surface of MERS-CoV mediates receptor binding, membrane fusion, and viral entry. We previously reported two human monoclonal antibodies that target the receptor binding domain (RBD) of the spike and exhibit strong neutralization activity against live and pesudotyped MERS-CoV infection. Here we determined the crystal structure of MERS-CoV RBD bound to the Fab fragment of MERS-27 antibody at 3.20 Å resolution. The MERS-27 epitope in the RBD overlaps with the binding site of the MERS-CoV receptor DPP4. Further biochemical, viral entry, and neutralization analyses identified two critical residues in the RBD for both MERS-27 recognition and DPP4 binding. One of the residues, Trp535, was found to function as an anchor residue at the binding interface with MERS-27. Upon receptor binding, Trp535 interacts with the N-linked carbohydrate moiety of DPP4. Thus, MERS-27 inhibits MERS-CoV infection by directly blocking both protein-protein and proteincarbohydrate interactions between MERS-CoV RBD and DPP4. These results shed light on the molecular basis of MERS-27 neutralization and will assist in the optimization of MERS-27 as a tool to combat MERS-CoV infection.	8.175692558288574	16.835834503173828	4
Structurally informed evolutionary models improve phylogenetic reconstruction for emerging, seasonal, and pandemic influenza viruses Corresponding Authors 15. Precise estimation of genetic substitution patterns is critical for accurate reconstruction of pathogen phylogenies. Few studies of viral evolution account for variations of mutation rate across a single gene. This is especially true when considering evolution of segmented viruses where individual segments are short, encoding for few proteins. However, the structural and functional partitions of these proteins could provide valuable information for more accurate	-8.229921340942383	1.780950903892517	5
Structure and immune recognition of the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus spike protein. Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus is an alphacoronavirus responsible for significant morbidity and mortality in pigs. A key determinant of viral tropism and entry, the PEDV spike protein is a key target for the host antibody response and a good candidate for a protein-based vaccine immunogen. We used electron microscopy to evaluate the PEDV spike structure, as well as pig polyclonal antibody responses to viral infection. The structure of the PEDV spike reveals a configuration similar to that of HuCoV-NL63. Several PEDV protein-protein interfaces are mediated by non-protein components including a glycan at Asn264 and two bound palmitoleic acid molecules. The polyclonal antibody response to PEDV infection shows a dominance of epitopes in the S1 region. This structural and immune characterization provides new insights into coronavirus spike stability determinants and explores the immune landscape of viral spike proteins. : bioRxiv preprint Baculovirus expressed proteins were produced by infecting L of Sf9 at 2´10 cells with mL of second amplification baculovirus and incubating for four days. Infected cell supernatants were harvested by centrifugation at 1500´g to remove cells followed by 12,000´g to remove cell debris. Supernatants were filtered through a 0.45 µm filter and then applied to a column of Streptactin agarose (Qiagen, Cat. The column was washed with column volumes of Tris-buffered saline and then the protein was eluted with same buffer with mM desthiobiotin. The eluted protein was purified by Superose6 Increase 10/30 (GE Life Sciences, Cat. #29091596) gel filtration. Mammalian expressions were done by transient transfection. For both 293F and 293S cells, L of cells at 1´10 cells were transfected with complexes composed of µg of plasmid DNA and µg of polyethylenimine (Polysciences, Cat. # 24765-1). For the expression involving kifunensine, three hours after transfection kifunensine (Cayman Chemicals, Cat. #10009437) was added to a final concentration of µM. Expressions were allowed to proceed for five days. Cell supernatants were collected by centrifugation at 1,500 ´ g to remove cells followed by 12,000 ´ g to remove cell debris. Supernatants were filtered through a 0.45 µm filter and then applied to a column of Streptactin superflow. The column was washed with column volumes of Tris-buffered saline and then the protein was eluted with same buffer with mM desthiobiotin. The eluted protein was purified by Superose6 Increase 10/300 gel filtration. Proteins were concentrated for structural studies using ultrafiltration (Sigma-Millipore, AmiconUltra mL, 30K MWCO, Cat. After 3-day acclimation, pigs in the challenged group were inoculated with a prototype US PEDV isolate US/Iowa/18984/ (GenBank accession #KF804028) (Hoang et al., 2013), plaque-forming units/pig, via oro-gastric gavage as previously described (Madson et al., 2014). Pigs in the control group received virus-free cell culture media. Some of these pigs were inoculated again with the same strain in the identical manner at day post-inoculation (PI).	-9.25365924835205	28.593616485595703	11
Structure of the SARS-CoV NSP12 polymerase bound to NSP7 and NSP8 co-factors. Recent history is punctuated by the emergence of highly pathogenic coronaviruses such as SARS-and MERS-CoV into human circulation. Upon infecting host cells, coronaviruses assemble a multi-subunit RNA-synthesis complex of viral non-structural proteins (NSP) responsible for the replication and transcription of the viral genome. Here, we present the 3.1 Å resolution structure of the SARS-CoV NSP12 polymerase bound to its essential co-factors, NSP7 and NSP8, using single particle cryo-electron microscopy. NSP12 possesses an architecture common to all viral polymerases as well as a large N-terminal extension containing a kinase-like fold and is unexpectedly bound by two NSP8 co-factors. This structure illuminates the assembly of the coronavirus core RNA-synthesis machinery, provides key insights into NSP12 polymerase catalysis and fidelity and acts as a template for the design of novel antiviral therapeutics.	-0.2179117351770401	23.032201766967773	12
Structure of the chromatin remodelling enzyme Chd1 bound to a ubiquitinylated nucleosome. ATP-dependent chromatin remodelling proteins represent a diverse family of proteins that share ATPase domains that are adapted to regulate protein-DNA interactions. Here we present structures of the yeast Chd1 protein engaged with nucleosomes in the presence of the transition state mimic ADP-beryllium fluoride. The path of DNA strands through the ATPase domains indicates the presence of contacts conserved with single strand translocases and additional contacts with both strands that are unique to Snf2 related proteins. The structure provides connectivity between rearrangement of ATPase lobes to a closed, nucleotide bound state and the sensing of linker DNA. Two turns of linker DNA are prised off the surface of the histone octamer as a result of Chd1 binding, and both the histone H3 tail and ubiquitin conjugated to lysine are re-orientated towards the unravelled DNA. This indicates how changes to nucleosome structure can alter the way in which histone epitopes are presented.	-11.17236614227295	24.221710205078125	8
Study of the mental health status of medical personnel dealing with new coronavirus pneumonia. Objective: This paper studied the relationship between personality traits and mental health conditions of medical personnel to provide a basis and reference for the implementation of targeted education on mental health. A self-report inventory, the Symptom Checklist-90 (SCL-90), was used to investigate the mental health status of medical personnel dealing with the new coronavirus pneumonia in eight provinces and cities of China. The overall mean SCL-90 score and mean values of factors (somatization, obsessive-compulsive, anxiety, phobic anxiety, and psychoticism) of the medical personnel were significantly higher than in the norm group (p < 0.05), while their average interpersonal sensitivity score was significantly lower (p < 0.01). In addition, personal factors affecting the mental health status of medical personnel were identified. ( all p < 0.05). The overall mental health status of medical personnel responding to new coronavirus pneumonia is generally higher than that of the norm group in China. The results of this study should contribute to measures to alleviate the psychological pressures on medical personnel dealing with the new coronavirus epidemic in China. [Keywords] medical personnel; new coronavirus pneumonia; SCL-90 inventory; mental health; influencing factors author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-16.74968719482422	-42.846763610839844	7
Subcellular redistribution and sequential recruitment of macromolecular components during SGIV assembly. Virus infection consists of entry, synthesis of macromolecular components, virus assembly and release. Understanding of the mechanisms underlying each event is necessary for the intervention of virus infection in human healthcare and agriculture. Here we report the visualization of Singapore grouper iridovirus (SGIV) assembly in the medaka haploid embryonic stem (ES) cell line HX1. SGIV is a highly infectious DNA virus that causes a massive loss in marine aquaculture. Ectopic expression of VP88GFP, a fusion between green fluorescent protein and the envelope protein VP088, did not compromise the ES cell properties and susceptibility to SGIV infection. Although VP88GFP disperses evenly in the cytoplasm of non-infected cells, it undergoes aggregation and redistribution in SGIV-infected cells. Real-time visualization revealed multiple key stages of VP88GFP redistribution and the dynamics of viral assembly site (VAS). Specifically, VP88GFP entry into and condensation in the VAS occurred within a 6-h duration, a similar duration was observed also for the release of VP88GFP-containing SGIV out of the cell. Taken together, VP088 is an excellent marker for visualizing the SGIV infection process. Our results provide new insight into macromolecular component recruitment and SGIV assembly. Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (	-0.18505346775054932	27.466114044189453	12
Subclinical in utero Zika virus infection is associated with interferon alpha sequelae and sex-specific molecular brain pathology in asymptomatic porcine offspring. Zika virus (ZIKV) infection during human pregnancy may lead to severe fetal pathology and debilitating impairments in offspring. However, the majority of infections are subclinical and not associated with evident birth defects. Potentially detrimental life-long health outcomes in asymptomatic offspring evoke high concerns. Thus, animal models addressing sequelae in offspring may provide valuable information. To induce subclinical infection, we inoculated selected porcine fetuses at the mid-stage of development. Inoculation resulted in trans-fetal virus spread and persistent infection in the placenta and fetal membranes for two months. Offspring did not show congenital Zika syndrome (e.g., microcephaly, brain calcifications, congenital clubfoot, arthrogryposis, seizures) or other visible birth defects. However, a month after birth, a portion of offspring exhibited excessive interferon alpha (IFN-α) levels in blood plasma in a regular environment. Most affected offspring also showed dramatic IFN-α shutdown during social stress providing the first evidence for the cumulative impact of prenatal ZIKV exposure and postnatal environmental insult. Other eleven cytokines tested before and after stress were not altered suggesting the specific IFN-α pathology. While brains from offspring did not have histopathology, lesions, and ZIKV, the whole genome expression analysis of the prefrontal cortex revealed profound sex-specific transcriptional changes that most probably was the result of subclinical in utero infection. RNA-seq analysis in the placenta persistently infected with ZIKV provided independent support for the sexspecific pattern of in utero-acquired transcriptional responses. Collectively, our results provide strong evidence that two hallmarks of fetal ZIKV infection, altered type I IFN response PLOS Pathogens |	13.2125244140625	29.5581111907959	11
Substantial undocumented infection facilitates the rapid dissemination of novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Estimation of the fraction and contagiousness of undocumented novel coronavirus infections is critical for understanding the overall prevalence and pandemic potential of this disease. Many mild infections are typically not reported and, depending on their contagiousness, may support stealth transmission and the spread of documented infection. Here we use observations of reported infection and spread within China in conjunction with mobility data, a networked dynamic metapopulation model and Bayesian inference, to infer critical epidemiological characteristics associated with the emerging coronavirus, including the fraction of undocumented infections and their contagiousness. We estimate 86% of all infections were undocumented (95% CI: [82%-90%]) prior to the Wuhan travel shutdown (January 23, 2020). Per person, these undocumented . CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.34842300415039	-29.310436248779297	2
Substrate specificity profiling of SARS-CoV-2 M pro protease provides basis for anti-COVID-19 drug design. In December 2019, the first cases of a novel coronavirus infection were diagnosed in Wuhan, China. Due to international travel and human-to-human transmission, the virus spread rapidly inside and outside of China. Currently, there is no effective antiviral treatment for COVID-19, therefore research efforts are focused on the rapid development of vaccines and antiviral drugs. The SARS-CoV-2 M pro protease constitutes one of the most attractive antiviral drug targets. To address this emerging problem, we have synthesized a combinatorial library of fluorogenic substrates with glutamine in the P1 position. We used it to determine the substrate preferences of the SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 proteases, using natural and a large panel of unnatural amino acids. The results of our work provide a structural framework for the design of inhibitors as antiviral agents or diagnostic tests.	11.892822265625	13.840154647827148	4
Summarizing US Wildlife Trade with an Eye Toward Assessing the Risk of Infectious Disease Introduction. The aim of this study was to characterize the role of the USA in the global exchange of wildlife and describe high volume trade with an eye toward prioritizing health risk assessment questions for further analysis. Here we summarize nearly years (2000)(2001)(2002)(2003)(2004)(2005)(2006)(2007)(2008)(2009)(2010)(2011)(2012)(2013) of the most comprehensive data available (USFWS LEMIS system), involving billion individual specimens and an additional million kilograms of wildlife. The majority of shipments contained mammals (27%), while the majority of specimens imported were shells (57%) and tropical fish (25%). Most imports were facilitated by the aquatic and pet industry, resulting in one-third of all shipments containing live animals. The importer reported origin of wildlife was 77.7% wild-caught and 17.7% captive-reared. Indonesia was the leading exporter of legal shipments, while Mexico was the leading source reported for illegal shipments. At the specimen level, China was the leading exporter of legal and illegal wildlife imports. The number of annual declared shipments doubled during the period examined, illustrating continually increasing demand, which reinforces the need to scale up capacity for border inspections, risk management protocols and disease surveillance. Most regulatory oversight of wildlife trade is aimed at conservation, rather than prevention of disease introduction.	-1.1451945304870605	-14.529796600341797	2
Survival of the Enveloped Virus Phi6 in Droplets as a Function of Relative Humidity, Absolute Humidity, and Temperature. Infectious diseases caused by enveloped viruses, such as influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), cause thousands of deaths and billions of dollars of economic losses per year. Studies have found a relationship among temperature, humidity, and influenza virus incidence, transmission, or survival; however, there are contradictory claims about whether absolute humidity (AH) or relative humidity (RH) is most important in mediating virus infectivity. Using the enveloped bacteriophage Phi6, which has been suggested as a surrogate for influenza viruses and coronaviruses, we designed a study to discern whether AH, RH, or temperature is a better predictor of virus survival in droplets. Our results show that Phi6 survived best at high (Ͼ85%) and low (Ͻ60%) RHs, with a significant decrease in infectivity at mid-range RHs (ϳ60 to 85%). At an AH of less than g · m Ϫ3 , the loss in infectivity was less than orders of magnitude; however, when the AH was greater than g · m Ϫ3 , the loss in infectivity was typically greater than orders of magnitude. At a fixed RH of 75%, infectivity was very sensitive to temperature, decreasing two orders of magnitude between 19°C and 25°C. We used random forest modeling to identify the best environmental predictors for modulating virus infectivity. The model explained 83% of variation in Phi6 infectivity and suggested that RH is the most important factor in controlling virus infectivity in droplets. This research provides novel information about the complex interplay between temperature, humidity, and the survival of viruses in droplets. IMPORTANCE Enveloped viruses are responsible for a number of infectious diseases resulting in thousands of deaths and billions of dollars of economic losses per year in the United States. There has been a lively debate in the literature over whether absolute humidity (AH) or relative humidity (RH) modulates virus infectivity. We designed a controlled study and used advanced statistical modeling techniques specifically to address this question. By providing an improved understanding of the relationship between environmental conditions and virus infectivity, our work will ultimately lead to improved strategies for predicting and controlling disease transmission.	-20.62020492553711	3.0057590007781982	10
Synchronized shift of oral, faecal and urinary microbiotas in bats and natural infection dynamics during seasonal reproduction. Biology (whole organism) Subject Areas: ecology/health and disease and epidemiology/molecular biology	18.606672286987305	-4.9620842933654785	5
Synergetic effect of non-complementary 5' AT-rich sequences on the development of a multiplex TaqMan real-time PCR for specific and robust detection of Clavibacter michiganensis and C. michiganensis subsp. Clavibacter is an agriculturally important genus comprising a single species, Clavibacter michiganensis, and multiple subspecies, including, C. michiganensis subsp. nebraskensis which causes Goss's wilt/blight of corn and accounts for high yield losses -listed among the five most significant diseases of corn in the United States of America. Our research objective was to develop a robust and rapid multiplex TaqMan real-time PCR (qPCR) to detect C. michiganensis in general and C. michiganensis subsp. nebraskensis with enhanced reliability and accuracy by adding non-complementary AT sequences to the 5' end of the forward and reverse primers. Comparative genomic analyses were performed to identify unique and conserved gene regions for primer and probe design. The unique genomic regions, ABC transporter ATP-binding protein CDS/ABC-transporter permease and MFS transporter were determined for specific detection of C. michiganensis and C. m. subsp. nebraskensis, respectively. The AT-rich sequences at the 5' position of the primers enhanced the reaction efficiency and sensitivity of rapid qPCR cycling; the reliability, accuracy and high efficiency of the developed assay was confirmed after testing with strains from inclusivity and exclusivity panels -no false positives or false negatives were detected. The assays were also validated through naturally and artificially infected corn plant samples; all samples were detected for C. michiganensis and C. m. subsp. nebraskensis with 100% accuracy. The assay with 5' AT-rich sequences detected up to 10-and 100-fg of C. michiganensis and C. michiganensis subsp. nebraskensis genome targets, respectively. No adverse effect was observed when sensitivity assays were spiked with host genomic DNA. Addition of 5' AT rich sequences enhanced the qPCR reaction efficiency from 0.82 (M = -3.83) and 0.91 (M = -3.54) to 1.04 (with optimum slope value; M = -3.23) for both C. michiganensis and C. michiganensis subsp. nebraskensis, respectively; a increase of 10-fold sensitivity was also obtained with C. michiganensis primer set. The methodology proposed here can be used to optimize the reaction efficiency and to harmonize the diagnostic protocols which have prodigious applications in routine diagnostics, biosecurity and microbial forensics. Δ G value (kcal/mol) in plot calculated by mFold web server; d Selfcomplementary and 3' self-complementary scores (Any and 3', respectively) of the oligos calculated using Primer3 Plus. e Query cover and Identity (%) of the oligos were calculated using Blastn; no significant similarity was found for any of FLAP primers. The General Time Reversible with gamma distribution model (GTR + G) was used to construct the maximum likelihood tree. The different subspecies within C. michiganensis were grouped in three main clusters. C. m. subsp. tessellarius was grouped discretely in one clade. In contrast, the remaining eight subspecies were placed into two clades. In the first clade, C. m. subsp. nebraskensis, C. m. subsp. insidiosus, C. m. subsp. capsici, C. m. subsp. phaseoli and C. m. subsp. chiloensis were grouped. Interestingly, isolates of C. m. subsp. nebraskensis were placed . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	-1.3723832368850708	-9.241510391235352	6
Synthetic lethals in HIV: ways to avoid drug resistance. Background: RNA viruses rapidly accumulate genetic variation, which can give rise to synthetic lethal (SL) and deleterious (SD) mutations. Synthetic lethal mutations (non-lethal when alone but lethal when combined in one genome) have been studied to develop cancer therapies. This principle can also be used against fast-evolving RNA-viruses. Indeed, targeting protein sites involved in SD + SL interactions with a drug would render any mutation of such sites, lethal. Results: Here, we set up a strategy to detect intragenic pairs of SL and SD at the surface of the protein to predict less escapable drug target sites. For this, we detected SD + SL, studying HIV protease (PR) and reverse transcriptase (RT) sequence alignments from two groups of VIH + individuals: treated with drugs (T) or not (NT). Using a series of statistical approaches, we were able to propose bona fide SD + SL couples. When focusing on spatially close co-variant SD + SL couples at the surface of the protein, we found SD + SL groups (2 in the protease and in the reverse transcriptase), which could be good candidates to form pockets to accommodate potential drugs. Conclusions: Thus, designing drugs targeting these specific SD + SL groups would not allow the virus to mutate any residue involved in such groups without losing an essential function. Moreover, we also show that the selection pressure induced by the treatment leads to the appearance of new mutations, which change the mutational landscape of the protein. This drives the existence of differential SD + SL couples between the drug-treated and non-treated groups. Thus, new anti-viral drugs should be designed differently to target such groups. Reviewers: This article was reviewed by Neil Greenspan Csaba Pal and István Simon.	-6.798407077789307	14.077901840209961	8
TALC: Transcription Aware Long Read Correction. Long-read sequencing technologies are invaluable for determining complex RNA transcript architectures but are error-prone. Numerous "hybrid correction" algorithms have been developed for genomic data that correct long reads by exploiting the accuracy and depth of short reads sequenced from the same sample. These algorithms are not suited for correcting more complex transcriptome sequencing data. We have created a novel algorithm called TALC (Transcription Aware Long Read Correction) which models changes in RNA expression and isoform representation in a weighted De-Bruijn graph to correct long reads from transcriptome studies. We show that transcription aware correction by TALC improves the accuracy of the whole spectrum of downstream RNA-seq applications and is thus necessary for transcriptome analyses that use long read technology.	-9.127924919128418	-0.32948315143585205	6
THE EVOLUTIONARY HISTORY AND IMPACT OF BACTERIAL tRNA MODIFICATIONS 2. Along with tRNAs, enzymes that modify anticodon bases are a key aspect of translation across the tree of life. tRNA modifications extend wobble pairing, allowing specific ("target") tRNAs to recognize multiple codons and cover for other ("non-target") tRNAs, often improving translation efficiency and accuracy. However, the detailed evolutionary history and impact of tRNA modifying enzymes has not been analyzed. Using ancestral reconstruction of five tRNA modifications across bacteria, we show that most modifications were ancestral to eubacteria, but were repeatedly lost in many lineages. Most modification losses coincided with evolutionary shifts in non-target tRNAs, often driven by increased bias in genomic GC and associated codon use, or by genome reduction. In turn, the loss of tRNA modifications stabilized otherwise highly dynamic tRNA gene repertoires. Our work thus traces the complex history of bacterial tRNA modifications, providing the first clear evidence for their role in the evolution of bacterial translation.	-10.109018325805664	15.700666427612305	8
TITLE Containing Emerging Epidemics: a Quantitative Comparison of Quarantine and Symptom Monitoring. Strategies for containing an emerging infectious disease outbreak must be nonpharmaceutical when drugs or vaccines for the pathogen do not yet exist or are unavailable. The success of these non-pharmaceutical strategies will depend not only on the effectiveness of quarantine or other isolation measures but also on the epidemiological characteristics of the infection. However, there is currently no systematic framework to assess the relationship between different containment strategies and the natural history and epidemiological dynamics of the pathogen. Here, we compare the effectiveness of quarantine and symptom monitoring, implemented via contact tracing, in controlling epidemics using an agent-based branching model. We examine the relationship between epidemic containment and the disease dynamics of symptoms and infectiousness for seven case study diseases with diverse natural histories including Ebola, Influenza A, and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). We show that the comparative effectiveness of symptom monitoring and quarantine depends critically on the natural history of the infectious disease, its inherent transmissibility, and the intervention feasibility in the particular healthcare setting. The benefit of quarantine over symptom monitoring is generally maximized for fast-course diseases, but we show the conditions under which symptom monitoring alone can control certain outbreaks. This quantitative framework can guide policy-makers on how best to use non-pharmaceutical interventions to contain emerging outbreaks and prioritize research during an outbreak of a novel pathogen.	-18.160282135009766	-21.552221298217773	5
TITLE PAGE Title: Machine learning-based CT radiomics model for predicting hospital stay in patients with pneumonia associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection: A multicenter study. medRxiv preprint datasets. The predictive performance was further evaluated in test dataset on lung lobe-and patients-level. Short-term hospital stay (≤10 days) and long-term hospital stay (>10 days). The CT radiomics models based on second-order features were effective in discriminating short-and long-term hospital stay in patients with pneumonia associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection, with areas under the curves of 0.97 (95%CI 0.83-1.0) and 0.92 (95%CI 0.67-1.0) by LR and RF, respectively, in the test dataset. The LR model showed a sensitivity and specificity of 1.0 and 0.89, and the RF model showed similar performance with sensitivity and specificity of 0.75 and 1.0 in test dataset. The machine learning-based CT radiomics models showed feasibility and accuracy for predicting hospital stay in patients with pneumonia associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. Results A total of patients with laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection and initial CT images were enrolled from designated hospitals in Ankang, Lishui, Zhenjiang, Lanzhou, and Linxia, China. As of February 20, patients were still hospitalized, and patients had non-findings in CT images. Therefore, patients with lesion segments were included in the final analysis. The training and inter-validation cohort comprised patients (12 from Ankang, from Lishui, from Lanzhou, and from Linxia) with lesion segments, and test cohort comprised patients from Zhenjiang with lesion segments. The median age was 38.00 (interquartile range, 26.00-47.00) years and (57%) were male. Comorbidities, symptoms and laboratory findings at admission were summarized in Table . The CT radiomics model, based on features (supplementary Table1), showed the highest AUC on the training and inter-validation dataset. The performance of modeling using LR and RF methods was shown in Figure 2. On lung lobe-level, models using LR method significantly distinguished short-and long-term hospital stay (In training and inter-validation datasets, cut-off value 0.31, AUC 0.94 (95%CI 0.92-0.97), sensitivity 1.0, specificity 0.87, NPV 1.0, and PPV 0.88; In test dataset, AUC 0.97 (95%CI 0.83-1.0), sensitivity 1.0, specificity 0.89, NPV 1.0, and PPV 0.8). Besides, models using RF method obtained satisfied results (In training and inter-validation datasets, cut-off value 0.68, AUC 1.0 (95%CI 1.0-1.0), author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	12.747251510620117	-25.633256912231445	9
TITLE: HIGH PREVALENCE OF STRONGYLOIDIASIS IN SPAIN: A HOSPITAL-BASED STUDY. However, prevalence data are scarce in migrant populations. This study aims at evaluating the prevalence of S. stercoralis at hospital level in migrant populations or long term travellers being attended in out-patient and in-patient units as part of a systematic screening implemented in Spanish hospitals. A cross-sectional study was conducted and systematic screening for S. stercoralis infection using serological tests was offered to all eligible participants. The overall seroprevalence of S. stercoralis was 9.04% (95% confidence interval [95%CI] 7.76 -10.31). The seroprevalence of people with a risk of infection acquired in Africa and Latin America was 9.35% (95%CI 7.01-11.69), 9.22% (7.5-10.93), respectively. The number of individuals coming from Asian countries was significantly smaller and the overall prevalence in these countries was 2.9% (95%CI -0.3; -6.2). There was only one case (1/14 (7.14%) from an individual from East European countries. The seroprevalence in units attending potentially immunosuppressed patients was significantly lower (5.64%) compared with the seroprevalence in other units of the hospital (10.20%) or Tropical diseases units (13.33%) (p<0.001). Conclusions: We report a hospital-based systematic screening of strongyloidiasis with a seroprevalence of almost 10% in a mobile population coming from endemic areas suggesting the need of implementing strongyloidiasis screening in hospitalized patients coming from endemic areas, particularly if they are at risk of immunosuppression. Strongyloidiasis is an infection caused by the helminth Strongyloides stercoralis which is ubiquitous in tropical and subtropical areas. In the rest of the countries, it is also frequent in migrants coming from tropical and subtropical areas. The disease is more severe when an infected subject has an impaired immune system. Within this study we have evaluated the prevalence of this infection in people being attended in six Spanish hospitals. The prevalence was around 9%, being higher in Africa and Latin America compared with other regions. In addition, the prevalence in patients with an impaired immune system (immunosuppression) was lower compared with people non suffering immunosuppression. These results suggest that the prevalence of strongyloidiasis is quite high among migrants living in Spain and that a screening programme should be designed, particularly in immunosuppressed patients that are at more risk of suffering severe complications of the infection.	17.914865493774414	-14.371323585510254	9
TITLE: Isolation and sequencing of AGO-bound RNAs reveals characteristics of mammalian stem-loop processing in vivo AUTHORS. MicroRNA precursors (pre-miRNAs) are short hairpin RNAs that are rapidly processed into mature microRNAs (miRNAs) in the cytoplasm. Due to their low abundance in cells, sequencing-based studies of pre-miRNAs have been limited. We successfully enriched for and deep sequenced pre-miRNAs in human cells by capturing these RNAs during their interaction with Argonaute (AGO) proteins. Using this approach, we detected > pre-miRNAs in human cells and > pre-miRNAs in a reanalysis of a similar study in mouse cells. We uncovered widespread trimming and non-templated additions to the 3' ends of pre-and mature miRNAs. Additionally, we created an index for microRNA precursor processing efficiency. This analysis revealed a subset of pre-miRNAs that produce low levels of mature miRNAs despite abundant precursors, including an annotated miRNA in the 5' UTR of the DiGeorge syndrome critical region mRNA transcript. This led us to search for AGO-associated stem-loops originating from other mRNA species, which identified hundreds of putative pre-miRNAs derived from human and mouse mRNAs. In summary, we provide a wealth of information on mammalian pre-miRNAs, and identify novel microRNA and microRNA-like elements localized in mRNAs.	-12.91760540008545	17.315160751342773	8
TLR5 participates in the TLR4 receptor complex and biases towards MyD88-dependent signaling in environmental lung injury 2. Lung disease causes significant morbidity and mortality, and is exacerbated by environmental injury, e.g. through lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or ozone (O3). Toll-like receptors (TLRs) orchestrate immune responses to injury by recognizing pathogen-or danger-associated molecular patterns. TLR4, the prototypic receptor for LPS, also mediates inflammation after O3, triggered by endogenous hyaluronan. Regulation of TLR4 signaling is incompletely understood. TLR5, the flagellin receptor, is expressed in alveolar macrophages, and regulates immune responses to environmental injury. Using in vivo animal models of TLR4-mediated inflammations (LPS, O3, hyaluronan), we show that TLR5 impacts the in vivo response to LPS, hyaluronan and O3. We demonstrate that immune cells of human carriers of a dominant negative TLR5 allele have decreased inflammatory response to O3 exposure ex vivo and LPS exposure in vitro. Using primary murine macrophages, we find that TLR5 physically associates with TLR4 and biases TLR4 signaling towards the MyD88 pathway. Our results suggest an updated paradigm for TLR4/TLR5 signaling. Word count: TLR, that modulates TLR4 signaling in response to its own ligands. TLR4-TLR5 interaction has been reported once (19), wherein TLR4 was shown to promote nitric oxide production after flagellin exposure. We therefore hypothesized that the reciprocal interaction may also be true, i.e. TLR5 participates in TLR4 signaling after environmental lung injury. TLR5, the prototypic receptor for bacterial flagellin, is expressed in alveolar macrophages (20), is induced after injury (21) and	5.745479106903076	36.31941223144531	0
TWIRLS, an automated topic-wise inference method based on massive literature, suggests a possible mechanism via ACE2 for the pathological changes in the human host after coronavirus infection. Faced with the current large-scale public health emergency, collecting, sorting, and analyzing biomedical information related to the "coronavirus" should be done as quickly as possible to gain a global perspective, which is a basic requirement for strengthening epidemic control capacity. However, for human researchers studying the viruses and the hosts, the vast amount of information available cannot be processed effectively and in a timely manner, particularly when the scientific understanding may be limited, which can further lower the information processing efficiency. We present TWIRLS, a method that can automatically acquire, organize, and classify information. Additionally, independent functional data sources can be added to build an inference system using a machine-based approach, which can provide relevant knowledge to help human researchers quickly establish subject cognition and to make more effective decisions. TWIRLS can automatically analyze more than three million words in more than 14,000 literature articles in only hours. Combining with generalized gene interaction databases creates a data interface that can help researchers to further analyze the information. Using the TWIRLS system, we found that an important regulatory factor angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) may be involved in the the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint host pathological changes on binding to the coronavirus after infection. After triggering functional changes in ACE2/AT2R, an imbalance in the steady-state cytokine regulatory axis involving the Renin-Angiotensin System and IP-10 leads to a cytokine storm.	-6.318631172180176	2.2539966106414795	6
Tat Peptide-Mediated Soluble Expression of the Membrane Protein LSECtin-CRD in Escherichia coli. The human liver and lymph node sinusoidal endothelial cell C-type lectin (hLSECtin), a type II integral membrane protein, containing a Ca 2+ -dependent carbohydrate recognition domain (CRD), has a well-established biological activity, yet its three-dimensional structure is unknown due to low expression yields and aggregation into inclusion bodies. Previous study has demonstrated that the HIV-1 virus-encoded Tat peptide ('YGRKKRRQRRR') can increase the yields and the solubility of heterologous proteins. However, whether the Tat peptide could promote the high-yield and soluble expression of membrane proteins in Escherichia coli is not known. Therefore, the prokaryotic expression vector pET28b-Tat-hLSECtin-CRD (using pET28b and pET28b-hLSECtin-CRD as controls) was constructed, and transformed into E. coli BL21 (DE3) cells and induced with isopropyl-β-d-thiogalactoside (IPTG) followed with identifying by SDS-PAGE and Western blot. Subsequently, the bacterial subcellular structure, in which overexpressed the heterologous proteins Tat-hLSECtin-CRD and Tat-free hLSECtin-CRD, was analyzed by transmission electron microscope (TEM) respectively, and the mannose-binding activity of Tat-hLSECtin-CRD was also determined. Expectedly, the solubility of Tat-LSECtin-CRD significantly increased compared to Tat-free LSECtin-CRD (**p < 0.01) with prolonged time, and the Tat-LSECtin-CRD had a significant mannose-binding activity. The subcellular structure analysis indicated that the bacterial cells overexpressed Tat-hLSECtin-CRD exhibited denser region compared with controls, while dot denser region aggregated in the two ends of bacterial cells overexpressed Tat-free hLSECtin-CRD. This study provided a novel method for improving the soluble expression of membrane proteins in prokaryotic systems by fusion with the Tat peptide, which may be potentially expanded to the expression of other membrane proteins.	-4.1241044998168945	26.995481491088867	12
TaxIt: An iterative and automated computational pipeline for untargeted strain-level identification using MS/MS spectra from pathogenic samples. Untargeted accurate strain-level classification of a priori unidentified organisms using tandem mass spectrometry is a challenging task. Reference databases often lack taxonomic depth, limiting peptide assignments to the species level. However, the extension with detailed strain information increases runtime and decreases statistical power. In addition, larger databases contain a higher number of similar proteomes. We present TaxIt, an iterative workflow to address the increasing search space required for MS/MS-based strain-level classification of samples with unknown taxonomic origin. TaxIt first applies reference sequence data for initial identification of species candidates, followed by automated acquisition of relevant strain sequences for low level classification. Furthermore, proteome similarities resulting in ambiguous taxonomic assignments are addressed with an abundance weighting strategy to improve candidate confidence. We apply our iterative workflow on several samples of bacterial and viral origin. In comparison to noniterative approaches using unique peptides or advanced abundance correction, TaxIt identifies microbial strains correctly in all examples presented (with one tie), thereby demonstrating the potential for untargeted and deeper taxonomic classification. TaxIt makes extensive use of public, unrestricted and continuously growing sequence resources such as the NCBI databases and is available under open-source license at	-11.32931900024414	-0.9673709869384766	6
Teicoplanin potently blocks the cell entry of 2019-nCoV. Since December 2019, the outbreak of a new coronavirus, named 2019-nCoV, has greatly threatened the public health in China and raised great concerns worldwide. No specific treatment for this infection is currently available. We previously reported that teicoplanin, a glycopeptide antibiotic which has routinely been used in the clinic to treat bacterial infection with low toxicity, significantly inhibits the invasion of cells by Ebola virus, SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, via specifically inhibiting the activity of cathepsin L. Here, we tested the efficacy of teicoplanin against 2019-nCoV virus infection and found that teicoplanin potently prevents the entrance of 2019-nCoV-Spike-pseudoviruses into the cytoplasm, with an IC of 1.66 μM. Although the inhibitory effect upon the replication of wildtype viruses ex vivo and in vivo remains to be determined, our preliminary result indicates that the potential antiviral activity of teicoplanin could be applied for the treatment of 2019-nCoV virus infection.	13.726759910583496	16.407058715820312	4
Temporal dynamics in viral shedding and transmissibility of COVID-19. We report temporal patterns of viral shedding in laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 patients and modelled COVID-19 infectiousness profile from a separate sample of infector-infectee transmission pairs. We observed the highest viral load in throat swabs at the time of symptom onset, and inferred that infectiousness peaked on or before symptom onset. We estimated that 44% of transmission could occur before first symptoms of the index. Disease control measures should be adjusted to account for probable substantial pre-symptomatic transmission.	-10.803550720214844	-25.65747833251953	7
Terpene metabolic engineering via nuclear or chloroplast genomes profoundly and globally impacts off-target pathways through metabolite signalling. fax 3695; email hdaniell@upenn.edu) GEO accession number for RNA-seq data: GSE74103. The impact of metabolic engineering on nontarget pathways and outcomes of metabolic engineering from different genomes are poorly understood questions. Therefore, squalene biosynthesis genes FARNESYL DIPHOSPHATE SYNTHASE (FPS) and SQUALENE SYNTHASE (SQS) were engineered via the Nicotiana tabacum chloroplast (C), nuclear (N) or both (CN) genomes to promote squalene biosynthesis. SQS levels were~4300-fold higher in C and CN lines than in N, but all accumulated~150-fold higher squalene due to substrate or storage limitations. Abnormal leaf and flower phenotypes, including lower pollen production and reduced fertility, were observed regardless of the compartment or level of transgene expression. Substantial changes in metabolomes of all lines were observed: levels of 65-120 unrelated metabolites, including the toxic alkaloid nicotine, changed by as much as 32-fold. Profound effects of transgenesis on nontarget gene expression included changes in the abundance of transcripts by up to 2000-fold in CN; transcripts by up to 1400-fold in N; and transcripts by as much as 2200-fold in C. Transporter-related transcripts were induced, and cell cycle-associated transcripts were disproportionally repressed in all three lines. Transcriptome changes were validated by qRT-PCR. The mechanism underlying these large changes likely involves metabolite-mediated anterograde and/or retrograde signalling irrespective of the level of transgene expression or end product, due to imbalance of metabolic pools, offering new insight into both anticipated and unanticipated consequences of metabolic engineering.	8.902303695678711	28.314809799194336	11
The COVID-19 outbreak has been a serious public health threat worldwide. We use individually documented case descriptions of COVID-19 from China (excluding Hubei Province) to estimate the distributions of the generation time, incubation period, and periods from symptom onset to isolation and to diagnosis. The recommended 14-day quarantine period may lead to a 6.7% failure for quarantine. We recommend a 22-day quarantine period. The mean generation time is 3.3 days and the mean incubation period is 7.2 days. It took 3.7 days to isolate and 6.6 days to diagnose a patient after his/her symptom onset. Patients may become infectious on average 3.9 days before showing major symptoms. This makes contact tracing and quarantine ineffective. The basic reproduction number is estimated to be 1.54 with contact tracing, quarantine and isolation, mostly driven by super spreaders.	-11.594964027404785	-32.012176513671875	2
The DE and FG loops of the HPV major capsid protein contribute to the epitopes of vaccine-induced cross-neutralising antibodies OPEN. The human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccines consist of major capsid protein (L1) virus-like particles (VLP) and are highly efficacious against the development of cervical cancer precursors attributable to oncogenic genotypes, HPV16 and HPV18. A degree of vaccine-induced cross-protection has also been demonstrated against genetically-related genotypes in the Alpha-7 (HPV18-like) and Alpha-9 (HPV16like) species groups which is coincident with the detection of L1 cross-neutralising antibodies. In this study the L1 domains recognised by inter-genotype cross-neutralising antibodies were delineated. L1 crystallographic homology models predicted a degree of structural diversity between the L1 loops of HPV16 and the non-vaccine Alpha-9 genotypes. These structural predictions informed the design of chimeric pseudovirions with inter-genotype loop swaps which demonstrated that the L1 domains recognised by inter-genotype cross-neutralising antibodies comprise residues within the DE loop and the late region of the FG loop. These data contribute to our understanding of the L1 domains recognised by vaccine-induced cross-neutralising antibodies. Such specificities may play a critical role in vaccineinduced cross-protection.	19.374820709228516	22.544675827026367	4
The Domain-Specific and Temperature-Dependent Protein Misfolding Phenotype of Variant Medium-Chain acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase. The implementation of expanded newborn screening programs reduced mortality and morbidity in medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (MCADD) caused by mutations in the ACADM gene. However, the disease is still potentially fatal. Missense induced MCADD is a protein misfolding disease with a molecular loss-of-function phenotype. Here we established a comprehensive experimental setup to analyze the structural consequences of eight ACADM missense mutations (p.Ala52Val, p.Tyr67His, p.Tyr158His, p.Arg206Cys, p.Asp266Gly, p.Lys329Glu, p.Arg334Lys, p.Arg413Ser) identified after newborn screening and linked the corresponding protein misfolding phenotype to the site of side-chain replacement with respect to the domain. With fever being the crucial risk factor for metabolic decompensation of patients with MCADD, special emphasis was put on the analysis of structural and functional derangements related to thermal stress. Based on protein conformation, thermal stability and kinetic stability, the molecular phenotype in MCADD depends on the structural region that is affected by missense-induced conformational changes with the central b-domain being particularly prone to structural derangement and destabilization. Since systematic classification of conformational derangements induced by ACADM mutations may be a helpful tool in assessing the clinical risk of patients, we scored the misfolding phenotype of the variants in comparison to p.Lys329Glu (K304E), the classical severe mutation, and p.Tyr67His (Y42H), discussed to be mild. Experiments assessing the impact of thermal stress revealed that mutations in the ACADM gene lower the temperature threshold at which MCAD loss-of-function occurs. Consequently, increased temperature as it occurs during intercurrent infections, significantly increases the risk of further conformational derangement and loss of function of the MCAD enzyme explaining the life-threatening clinical courses observed during fever episodes. Early and aggressive antipyretic treatment thus may be life-saving in patients suffering from MCADD. Variant Medium-Chain acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase. PLoS ONE 9(4): e93852.	-7.629940986633301	17.371231079101562	11
The Epitope and Neutralization Mechanism of AVFluIgG01, a Broad-Reactive Human Monoclonal Antibody against H5N1 Influenza Virus. The continued spread of highly pathogenic avian influenza (HPAI) H5N1 virus underscores the importance of effective antiviral approaches. AVFluIgG01 is a potent and broad-reactive H5N1-neutralizing human monoclonal antibody (mAb) showing great potential for use either for therapeutic purposes or as a basis of vaccine development, but its antigenic epitope and neutralization mechanism have not been finely characterized. In this study, we first demonstrated that AVFluIgG01 targets a novel conformation-dependent epitope in the globular head region of H5N1 hemagglutinin (HA). By selecting mimotopes from a random peptide library in combination with computational algorithms and site-directed mutagenesis, the epitope was mapped to three conserved discontinuous sites (I-III) that are located closely at the threedimensional structure of HA. Further, we found that this HA1-specific human mAb can efficiently block both virus-receptor binding and post-attachment steps, while its Fab fragment exerts the post-attachment inhibition only. Consistently, AVFluIgG01 could inhibit HA-mediated cell-cell membrane fusion at a dose-dependent manner and block the acquisition of pH-induced protease sensitivity. These results suggest a neutralization mechanism of AVFluIgG01 by simultaneously blocking viral attachment to the receptors on host cells and interfering with HA conformational rearrangements associated with membrane fusion. The presented data provide critical information for developing novel antiviral therapeutics and vaccines against HPAI H5N1 virus.	17.111345291137695	19.71651840209961	4
The Essential Facts of Wuhan Novel Coronavirus Outbreak in China and Epitope-based Vaccine Designing against COVID-19. Wuhan Novel Coronavirus disease outbreak has become a global outbreak which has raised the concern of scientific community to design and discover a definitive cure against this deadly virus which has caused deaths of numerous infected people upon infection and spreading. To date, no antiviral therapy or vaccine is available which can effectively combat the infection caused by this virus. This study was conducted to design possible epitope-based subunit vaccines against the SARS-CoV-2 virus using the approaches of reverse vaccinology and immunoinformatics. Upon continual computational experimentation three possible vaccine constructs were designed and one vaccine construct was selected as the best vaccine based on molecular docking study which is supposed to effectively act against SARS-CoV-2. Later, molecular dynamics simulation and in silico codon adaptation experiments were carried out in order to check biological stability and find effective mass production strategy of the selected vaccine. Hopefully, this study will contribute to uphold the present efforts of the researches to secure a definitive treatment against this lethal virus.	4.452515125274658	8.808469772338867	4
The Ethanol Extract from Lonicera japonica Thunb. Regresses Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis in a Methionine-and Choline-Deficient Diet-Fed Animal Model. Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is characterized as fat accumulation in the hepatic tissue associated with various degrees of inflammation and progressive fibrosis. The potent anti-inflammatory and ethnopharmacological properties of Lonicera japonica Thunb. (Caprifoliaceae) make it an excellent source of novel medicinal targets for the treatment of NASH. The aim of the study was to investigate the effects of L. japonica ethanol extract (LJEE) on NASH in mice. C57BL/6J mice were fed with methionine-choline-deficient diet (MCDD) for eight weeks to promote the development of NASH. After development of the model, the mice were administered LJEE once daily via oral gavage at doses of 100, 200, or mg/kg for another four weeks. Simultaneous treatments with LJEE (300 mg/kg/day) resulted in pronounced improvements in liver steatosis, ballooning degeneration, and inflammation. LJEE prevented MCDD-induced plasma level increases in aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase. LJEE significantly reduced hepatic malondialdehyde level and ameliorated hepatic inflammation and fibrosis in MCDD-fed mice, which were associated with down-regulation of cytochrome P450 2E1 suppression of multiple proinflammatory and profibrotic genes. LJEE can prevent hepatic steatosis by reducing hepatic peroxisome acyl-CoA:diacylglycerol acyltransferase expression, as well as by inducing proliferator-activated receptor α expression. In addition, the LJEE treatments caused significant reduction in the phosphorylated form of Jun N-terminal kinase along with an increase in the phosphorylated level of extra cellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2. Our study demonstrated the protective role of LJEE in ameliorating nutritional steatohepatitis.	1.7793889045715332	40.48304748535156	11
The Eyring's rate process theory and free volume concept, two very popular theories in chemistry and physics fields, are employed to treat infectious disease transmissions. The susceptible individuals are assumed to move stochastically from one place to another. The virus particle transmission rate is assumed to obey the Eyring's rate process theory and also controlled by how much free volume available in a system. The transmission process is considered to be a sequential chemical reaction, and the concentrations or fractions of four epidemiological compartments, the susceptible, the exposed, the infected, and the removed, can be derived and calculated. The obtained equations show that the basic reproduction number, R , is not a constant, dependent on the volume fraction of virus particles, virus particle size, and virus particle packing structure, the energy barrier associated with susceptible individuals, and environment temperature. The developed models are applied to treat coronavirus disease (Covid-19) transmission and make predictions on peak time, peak infected, and R . Our work provides a simple and straightforward approach to estimate how infection diseases evolve and how many people may be infected.	-11.157113075256348	-16.704845428466797	5
The IFN response in bat cells consists of canonical and non-canonical ISGs with unique temporal expression kinetics. Bats are reservoirs for a number of highly pathogenic zoonotic viruses, yet they remain relatively asymptomatic during infection. Whether this viral resistance is due to a unique innate immune system is unknown. An evolutionarily conserved feature of vertebrate antiviral immunity is the interferon (IFN) response, which triggers cellular defenses through interferon-stimulated gene (ISG) expression. While bats encode an intact IFN system, global ISG expression patterns in bat cells are not well characterized. Here, we used RNA-Seq to assess the transcriptional response to IFNα in cells derived from the bat Pteropus alecto (black flying fox). We show induction of more than transcripts, most of which are canonical ISGs observed in other species. Kinetic gene profiling revealed that P. alecto ISGs fall into two unique temporal subclusters with similar early induction kinetics but distinct late-phase declines. In contrast to bat ISGs, human ISGs generally remained elevated for longer periods following IFN treatment, suggesting host-based differences in gene regulatory mechanisms. Notably, we also identified a small group of non-canonical bat ISGs, including an enzymatically active RNASEL that plays a role in controlling viral infection. These studies provide insight into the innate immune response of an important viral reservoir and lay a foundation for studies into the immunological features that may underlie unique virus-host relationship in bats.	8.516891479492188	31.724796295166016	0
The Impact of Host-Based Early Warning on Disease Outbreaks. The detection of communicable pathogens responsible for major outbreaks relies on health care professionals' recognition of symptoms manifesting in infectious individuals. Early warning of such communicable diseases before the onset of symptoms could improve both patient care and public health responses. However, the potential impact of such a host-based early warning system on containing the spread of an outbreak and in steering public health response is unknown. We extend the deterministic SEIR (Susceptible, Exposed, Infectious, Recovered) model to simulate disease outbreak scenarios and to quantify the potential impact of a host-based early warning capability to mitigate pathogen transmission during an outbreak. In particular, we compare and contrast the performance of five different policies: Self-monitoring and reporting (baseline SEIR model), Quarantining the entire population, Quarantine-on-alert (with high sensitivity early warning), Quarantine-on-alert (with high specificity early warning), and Quarantine-on-alert (ideal early warning). We further evaluate these five policy options against four different outbreak scenarios with high or low disease transmission and high or low initial population exposures. For all scenarios, a quarantine-on-alert policy coupled with the near-ideal early warning capability reduces quarantine needs with only a small increase in the number of additional infections. The cost of a highly specific early detection system (i.e., a reduction in false alarms and thus quarantine costs) is an increase in additional infections relative to the near-ideal system. Conversely, a highly sensitive early detection system increases the percentage of the population in quarantine compared to both the ideal and high-specificity early detection system while also reducing the number of additional infections to nearly the numbers seen by quarantining the entire population a priori. Our simulations demonstrate the utility of host-based early warning systems in controlling an outbreak under various outbreak conditions. Our tools also provide a simulation capability for evaluating public health policies enabling quantitative evaluation of their impacts prior to implementation. These compartments are then linked with a system of ordinary differential equations (ODEs) to characterize how individuals transition into and out of each compartment over time. A variety of author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. : medRxiv preprint FIGURE 7. This numeric solution for our SEIR model with a quarantine-on-alert policy enacted shows the population of each compartment versus time (a); the plot shows how such an early warning technology could limit the outbreak size. As the initially exposed individuals receive alerts, they enter the quarantine-on-alert compartment and are unable to infect the susceptible compartment. The active working (S + E + I + R) and inactive (Q + L) populations versus time are shown with the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-18.806167602539062	-21.509441375732422	2
The Impact of School Closure for COVID-19 on the US Healthcare Workforce and the Net Mortality Effects. COVID-19 is leading to the implementation of social distancing policies around the world and in the United States, including school closures. The evidence that mandatory school closures reduce cases and ultimately mortality mostly comes from experience with influenza or from models that do not include the impact of school closure on the healthcare labor supply or the role of the healthcare labor force in reducing the per infection mortality from the pathogen. There is considerable uncertainty of the incremental effect of school closures on transmission and lives saved from school closures. The likely, but uncertain, benefits from school closure need to be weighed against uncertain, and seldom quantified, costs of healthcare worker absenteeism associated with additional child care obligations. We analyze data from the US Current Population Survey to measure the potential child care obligations for US healthcare workers that will need to be addressed if school closures are employed as a social distancing measure. We account for the occupation within the healthcare sector, state, and household structure to identify the segments of the healthcare labor force that are most exposed to child care obligations from school closures. We use these estimates to identify the critical level for the importance of healthcare labor supply in increasing a patient's COVID-19 survival probability that would undo the benefits of school closures and ultimately increase cumulative mortality. The US healthcare sector has some of the highest child care obligations in the United States. 29% of healthcare provider households must provide care for children 3-12. Assuming non-working adults or a sibling years old or older can provide child care, leaves 15% of healthcare provider households in need of childcare during a school closure, while 7% of healthcare households are single-parent households. We document the substantial variation within the healthcare system. For example, 35% of medical assistants and 31% of nursing, psychiatric, and home health aide households have child care obligations, while only 24% of emergency medical personnel have childcare obligations. Child care obligations can vary between states by over percentage points. A 15% decline in the healthcare labor force, combined with reasonable parameters for COVID-19 such as a 15% case reduction from school closings and 2% baseline mortality rate implies that a 15% loss in the healthcare labor force must decrease the survival probability per percent healthcare worker lost by 17.6% for a school closure to increase cumulative mortality. This means that the per infection mortality rate cannot increase from 2% to 2.35% when the healthcare workforce declines by 15%; otherwise, school closures will lead to a greater number of deaths than they prevent. For school closures to unambiguously provide a net reduction in COVID-19 mortality with these parameters, the school closures must reduce cases by over 25%. School closures come with many tradeoffs. Setting aside economic costs, school closures implemented to reduce COVID-19 spread create unintended childcare obligations, which are particularly large in healthcare occupations. Detailed data are provided to help public health officials make informed decisions about the tradeoffs associated with closing schools. The results suggest that it is unclear if the potential author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-17.270366668701172	-27.259815216064453	2
The Impact of the COVID-19 Outbreak on the Medical Treatment of Chinese Children with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD)：A Multicenter Cross-section Study in the Context of a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. Objective: To investigate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the medical advice seeking of Chinese children with chronic kidney disease (CKD). : An anonymous online questionnaire survey was conducted in pediatric nephropathy diagnosis and treatment centers in China. The questions collected basic information on the patients and their parents and data on changes in the approach to medical treatment and their needs in the context of the outbreak etc. This is a Multicenter Cross-section Study. Results: A total of valid questionnaires were collected. patients (75.5%) and their parents said that the outbreak had a significant influence on their medical treatment: patients (47.6%) said that it would be delayed by to weeks and patients (35.9%) by to weeks. patients (84.16%) hoped to get in touch with specialists through online consultation, and patients (84.5%) hoped that online consultation could be implemented and that medication could be delivered to them.. A total of patients (62.3%) said that their greatest concern was that the CKD would be aggravated or that they would experience a relapse; only patients were infected by 2019-nCoV. A total of patients (42.5%) experienced anxiety and thus required the intervention of psychologists. Conclusion: The COVID-19 outbreak has affected the medical treatment of children with CKD. Online consultation, medication delivery and psychological counselling are the greatest needs reported by patients and their families and could especially provide solutions for the management of low income children with CKD in remote rural areas in the context of the COVID-19 epidemic. The study can well explore the impact of COVID-19 outbreak on the medical treatment of CKD children in China and the needs of current patients. The study explored ways to meet the medical needs of CKD children in the context of a public health emergency of international concern, which provides a method support for all countries in the world experiencing COVID-19 outbreak. The study is an exploration of the coping strategies for CKD management in China. The limitations of this study is that it is quite simple and descriptive, and many studies need to be further carried out.	-17.31352424621582	-40.348594665527344	2
The Infectious Bronchitis Virus Coronavirus Envelope Protein Alters Golgi pH to Protect Spike Protein and Promote Release of Infectious Virus. Coronaviruses (CoVs) are important human pathogens with significant zoonotic potential. Progress has been made toward identifying potential vaccine candidates for highly pathogenic human CoVs, including use of attenuated viruses that lack the CoV envelope (E) protein or express E mutants. However, no approved vaccines or anti-viral therapeutics exist. CoVs assemble by budding into the lumen of the early Golgi prior to exocytosis. The small CoV E protein plays roles in assembly, virion release, and pathogenesis. CoV E has a single hydrophobic domain (HD), is targeted to Golgi membranes, and has cation channel activity in vitro. The E protein from the avian infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) has dramatic effects on the secretory system, which requires residues in the HD. Mutation of the HD of IBV E during infection results in impaired growth kinetics, impaired release of infectious virions, accumulation of IBV S protein on the plasma membrane when compared IBV WT infected cells, and aberrant cleavage of IBV S on the surface of virions. We previously reported the formation of two distinct oligomeric pools of IBV E in transfected and infected cells. Disruption of the secretory pathway by IBV E correlates with a form that is likely monomeric, suggesting that the effects on the secretory pathway are independent of E ion channel activity. Here, we present evidence suggesting that the monomeric form of IBV E correlates with a rise in the pH of the Golgi lumen. We demonstrate that infection with IBV induces neutralization of Golgi luminal pH, promoting a model in which IBV E alters the secretory pathway through interaction with host cells factors, protecting IBV spike protein (S) from premature cleavage and leading to the efficient release of infectious virus from the cells.	2.5600197315216064	25.485984802246094	12
The Mongoose, the Pheasant, the Pox, and the Retrovirus. Paleovirology is the study of ancient viruses.	25.01319122314453	12.720160484313965	1
The Murine Coronavirus Hemagglutinin-esterase Receptor-binding Site: A Major Shift in Ligand Specificity through Modest Changes in Architecture. The hemagglutinin-esterases (HEs), envelope glycoproteins of corona-, toro-and orthomyxoviruses, mediate reversible virion attachment to O-acetylated sialic acids (O-Ac-Sias). They do so through concerted action of distinct receptor-binding (''lectin'') and receptor-destroying sialate O-acetylesterase (''esterase'') domains. Most HEs target 9-O-acetylated Sias. In one lineage of murine coronaviruses, however, HE esterase substrate and lectin ligand specificity changed dramatically as these viruses evolved to use 4-O-acetylated Sias instead. Here we present the crystal structure of the lectin domain of mouse hepatitis virus (MHV) strain S HE, resolved both in its native state and in complex with a receptor analogue. The data show that the shift from 9-O-to 4-O-Ac-Sia receptor usage primarily entailed a change in ligand binding topology and, surprisingly, only modest changes in receptor-binding site architecture. Our findings illustrate the ease with which viruses can change receptor-binding specificity with potential consequences for host-, organ and/or cell tropism, and for pathogenesis.	6.428765773773193	22.72769546508789	12
The ORF2 glycoprotein of hepatitis E virus inhibits cellular NF-κB activity by blocking ubiquitination mediated proteasomal degradation of IκBα in human hepatoma cells. Background: Nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB) is a key transcription factor that plays a crucial role in host survival during infection by pathogens. Therefore, it has been a priority of many pathogens to manipulate the cellular NF-κB activity in order to create a favorable environment for their survival inside the host. Results: We observed that heterologous expression of the open reading frame (ORF2) protein in human hepatoma cells led to stabilization of the cellular I kappa B alpha (IκBα) pool, with a concomitant reduction in the nuclear localization of the p65 subunit of NF-κB and inhibition of NF-κB activity. Although basal or TPA induced phosphorylation of IκBα was not altered, its ubiquitination was markedly reduced in ORF2 expressing cells. Further analysis revealed that ORF2 protein could directly associate with the F-box protein, beta transducin repeat containing protein (βTRCP) and ORF2 over expression resulted in reduced association of IκBα with the SKP1 and CUL1 components of the SCF βTRCP complex. Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay of the proximal promoter regions of MHC-I heavy chain and IL-8 genes using p65 antibody and LPS stimulated ORF2 expressing cell extract revealed decreased association of p65 with the above regions, indicating that ORF2 inhibited p65 binding at endogenous promoters. Conclusions: In this report we suggest a mechanism by which ORF2 protein of HEV may inhibit host cell NF-κB activity during the course of a viral infection.	1.4937100410461426	34.76119613647461	0
The Prediction for Development of COVID-19 in Global Major Epidemic Areas Through Empirical Trends in China by Utilizing State Transition Matrix Model. Background: Since pneumonia caused by coronavirus disease broke out in Wuhan, Hubei province, China, tremendous infected cases has risen all over the world attributed to high transmissibility. We managed to mathematically forecast the inflection point (IFP) of new cases in South Korea, Italy, and Iran, utilizing the transcendental model from Hubei and non-Hubei in China. ) as the training set to deduce the arrival of the IFP of new cases in Hubei and non-Hubei on subsequent days and the data from Mar to Mar as validation set. New close contacts, newly confirmed cases, cumulative confirmed cases, non-severe cases, severe cases, critical cases, cured cases, and death data were collected and analyzed. Using this state transition matrix model, the horizon of the IFP of time (the rate of new increment reaches zero) could be predicted in South Korean, Italy, and Iran. Also, through this model, the global trend of the epidemic will be decoded to allocate international medical resources better and instruct the strategy for quarantine. Results: the optimistic scenario (non-Hubei model, daily increment rate of -3.87%), the relative pessimistic scenario (Hubei model, daily increment rate of -2.20%), and the relatively pessimistic scenario (adjustment, daily increment rate of -1.50%) were inferred and modeling from data in China. Matching and fitting with these scenarios, the IFP of time in South Korea would be The numbers of cumulative confirmed patients will reach approximately 20k in South Korea, 209k in Italy, and 226k in Iran under fitting scenarios, respectively. There should be room for improvement if these metrics continue to improve. In that case, the IFP will arrive earlier than our estimation. However, with the adoption of different diagnosis criteria, the variation of new cases could impose various influences in the predictive model. If that happens, the IFP of increment will be higher than predicted above. We can affirm that the end of the burst of the epidemic is still inapproachable, and the number of confirmed cases is still escalating. With the augment of data, the world epidemic trend could be further predicted, and it is imperative to consummate the assignment of global medical resources to manipulate the development of COVID-19.	-5.4112958908081055	-25.147573471069336	3
The RZZ complex integrates spindle checkpoint maintenance with dynamic expansion of unattached kinetochores. The Mad1-Mad2 heterodimer is the catalytic hub of the spindle assembly checkpoint (SAC), which controls mitosis through assembly of a multi-subunit anaphase inhibitor, the mitotic checkpoint complex (MCC) [1, 2] . Mad1-Mad2 first catalyzes MCC assembly at interphase nuclear pores [3] , then migrates to kinetochores at nuclear envelope breakdown (NEBD) and resumes MCC assembly until bipolar spindle attachment is complete [1, 2] . There is significant debate about the factor(s) involved in targeting Mad1-Mad2 to kinetochores in higher eukaryotes [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [9] . Through gene editing and livecell imaging, we found that the human Rod-Zw10-Zwilch (RZZ) complex is dispensable for cell viability and initial recruitment of Mad1-Mad2 to kinetochores at NEBD, but then becomes necessary to tether Mad1-Mad2 at kinetochores and sustain SAC arrest in cells challenged with spindle poisons. We also show that RZZ forms the mesh-like fibrous corona, a structural expansion of the outer kinetochore important for timely chromosome congression [10-13] once Mps1 phosphorylates the N-terminus of Rod. Artificially tethering Mad1-Mad2 to kinetochores enabled long-term mitotic arrest in the absence of RZZ. Conversely, blocking early RZZ-independent recruitment of Mad1-Mad2 eliminated the transient SAC response in RZZ-null cells. We conclude that RZZ drives structural changes in the outer kinetochore that facilitate chromosome biorientation and chronic SAC transduction, a key determinant of cytotoxicity during antimitotic drug therapy [14-16]. Results Recent studies have reached different conclusions about the specific roles and relative importance of Bub1 and the RZZ complex in targeting Mad1-Mad2 to kinetochores and transducing SAC arrest [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] . To interrogate RZZ function with maximum penetrance, we used AAV (adeno-associated virus)-and CRISPR-mediated gene editing to target the KNTC1 (Rod) locus in HCT116 cells, a diploid colorectal cell line ( Fig. S1A-C) . The resulting KNTC1 HF/-(hypomorph-flox) cells expressed Rod at ~20% of the wildtype level ( Fig. 1A -B and S1D) and exited mitosis prematurely when microtubule polymerization (nocodazole, ± min s.e.m.) or Eg5-dependent spindle bipolarity (S-trityl-L-cysteine (STLC), ± min s.e.m.) were inhibited, whereas wildtype cells never exited mitosis during the 16-hour timelapse (Fig. 1A-B) . To determine if complete loss of the RZZ complex is compatible with clonogenic survival, KNTC1 HF/cells were transduced with an adenovirus expressing Cre recombinase (AdCre) and subjected to limiting dilution.	-5.6477766036987305	30.642948150634766	8
The Rescue and Characterization of Recombinant, Microcephaly-Associated Zika Viruses as Single-Round Infectious Particles. Zika virus (ZIKV) is transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes and exhibits genetic variation with African and Asian lineages. ZIKV Natal RGN strain, an Asian-lineage virus, has been identified in brain tissues from fetal autopsy cases with microcephaly and is suggested to be a neurotropic variant. However, ZIKV Natal RGN strain has not been isolated; its biological features are not yet illustrated. This study rescued and characterized recombinant, single-round infectious particles (SRIPs) of the ZIKV Natal RGN strain using reverse genetic and synthetic biology techniques. The DNA-launched replicon of ZIKV Natal RGN was constructed and contains the EGFP reporter, lacks prM-E genes, and replicates under CMV promoter control. The peak in the ZIKV Natal RGN SRIP titer reached 6.25 × TCID50/mL in the supernatant of prM-E-expressing packaging cells h post-transfection with a ZIKV Natal RGN replicon. The infectivity of ZIKV Natal RGN SRIPs has been demonstrated to correlate with the green florescence intensity of the EGFP reporter, the SRIP-induced cytopathic effect, and ZIKV's non-structural protein expression. Moreover, ZIKV Natal RGN SRIPs effectively self-replicated in rhabdomyosarcoma/muscle, glioblastoma/astrocytoma, and retinal pigmented epithelial cells, displaying unique cell susceptibility with differential attachment activity. Therefore, the recombinant ZIKV Natal RGN strain was rescued as SRIPs that could be used to elucidate the biological features of a neurotropic strain regarding cell tropism and pathogenic components, apply for antiviral agent screening, and develop vaccine candidates.	14.316998481750488	9.479571342468262	4
The Role of Proton Transport in Gating Current in a Voltage Gated Ion Channel, as Shown by Quantum Calculations. Over two-thirds of a century ago, Hodgkin and Huxley proposed the existence of voltage gated ion channels (VGIC) to carry Na + and K + ions across the cell membrane to create the nerve impulse, in response to depolarization of the membrane. The channels have multiple physiological roles, and play a central role in a wide variety of diseases when they malfunction. The first channel structure was found by MacKinnon and coworkers in 1998. Subsequently the structure of a number of VGIC was determined in the open (ion conducting) state. This type of channel consists of four voltage sensing domains (VSD), each formed from four transmembrane (TM) segments, plus a pore domain through which ions move. Understanding the gating mechanism (how the channel opens and closes) requires structures. One TM segment (S4) has an arginine in every third position, with one such segment per domain. It is usually assumed that these arginines are all ionized, and in the resting state are held toward the intracellular side of the membrane by voltage across the membrane. They are assumed to move outward (extracellular direction) when released by depolarization of this voltage, producing a capacitive gating current and opening the channel. We suggest alternate interpretations of the evidence that led to these models. Measured gating current is the total charge displacement of all atoms in the VSD; we propose that the prime, but not sole, contributor is proton motion, not displacement of the charges on the arginines of S4. It is known that the VSD can conduct protons. Quantum calculations on the K v 1.2 potassium channel VSD show how; the key is the amphoteric nature of the arginine side chain, which allows it to transfer a proton; this appears to be the first time the arginine side chain has had its amphoteric character considered. We have calculated one such proton transfer in detail: this proton starts from a tyrosine that can ionize, transferring to the NE of the third arginine on S4; that arginine's NH then transfers a proton to a glutamate. The backbone remains static. A mutation predicted to affect the proton transfer has been qualitatively confirmed experimentally, from the change in the gating current-voltage curve. The total charge displacement in going from a normal closed potential of -70 mV across the membrane to mV (open), is calculated to be approximately consistent with measured values, although the error limits on the calculation require caution in interpretation.	-10.440591812133789	19.670501708984375	8
The Role of Thailand in the International Trade in CITES-Listed Live Reptiles and Amphibians. Background: International wildlife trade is one of the leading threats to biodiversity conservation. The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) is the most important initiative to monitor and regulate the international trade of wildlife but its credibility is dependent on the quality of the trade data. We report on the performance of CITES reporting by focussing on the commercial trade in non-native reptiles and amphibians into Thailand as to illustrate trends, species composition and numbers of wild-caught vs. captive-bred specimens. Methodology/Principal Findings: Based on data in the WCMC-CITES trade database, we establish that a total of 75,594 individuals of species of reptiles and amphibians (including globally threatened species) were imported into Thailand in 1990-2007. The majority of individuals (59,895, 79%) were listed as captive-bred and a smaller number (15,699, 21%) as wild-caught. In the 1990s small numbers of individuals of a few species were imported into Thailand, but in both volumes and species diversity increased rapidly. The proportion of captive-bred animals differed greatly between years (from to .80%). Wild-caught individuals were mainly sourced from African countries, and captive-bred individuals from Asian countries (including from non-CITES Parties). There were significant discrepancies between exports and imports. Thailand reports the import of .10,000 individuals (51 species) originating from Kazakhstan, but Kazakhstan reports no exports of these species. Similar discrepancies, involving smaller numbers (.100 individuals of species), can be seen in the import of reptiles into Thailand via Macao. Conclusion/Significance: While there has been an increase in imports of amphibian and reptiles into Thailand, erratic patterns in proportions of captive-bred specimens and volumes suggests either capricious markets or errors in reporting. Large discrepancies with respect to origin point to misreporting or possible violations of the rules and intentions of CITES.	-0.99474036693573	-14.440133094787598	2
The SARS-CoV-2 transcriptome The architecture of SARS-CoV-2 transcriptome The SARS-CoV-2 transcriptome. SARS-CoV-2 is a betacoronavirus that is responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic. The genome of SARS-CoV-2 was reported recently, but its transcriptomic architecture is unknown. Utilizing two complementary sequencing techniques, we here present a high-resolution map of the SARS-CoV-2 transcriptome and epitranscriptome. DNA nanoball sequencing shows that the transcriptome is highly complex owing to numerous recombination events, both canonical and noncanonical. In addition to the genomic RNA and subgenomic RNAs common in all coronaviruses, SARS-CoV-2 produces a large number of transcripts encoding unknown ORFs with fusion, deletion, and/or frameshift. Using nanopore direct RNA sequencing, we further find at least RNA modification sites on viral transcripts, with the most frequent motif being AAGAA. Modified RNAs have shorter poly(A) tails than unmodified RNAs, suggesting a link between the internal modification and the ′ tail. Functional investigation of the unknown ORFs and RNA modifications discovered in this study will open new directions to our understanding of the life cycle and pathogenicity of SARS-CoV-2. Kim et al. Highlights • We provide a high-resolution map of SARS-CoV-2 transcriptome and epitranscriptome using nanopore direct RNA sequencing and DNA nanoball sequencing. • The transcriptome is highly complex owing to numerous recombination events, both canonical and noncanonical. • In addition to the genomic and subgenomic RNAs common in all coronaviruses, SARS-CoV-2 produces transcripts encoding unknown ORFs. • We discover at least potential RNA modification sites with an AAGAA motif. Kim et al. designated as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) (Zhou et al., 2020; Zhu et al., 2020). Like other coronaviruses (order Nidovirales, family Coronaviridae, subfamily Coronavirinae), SARS-CoV-2 is an enveloped virus with a positive-sense, single-stranded RNA genome of~30 kb. SARS-CoV-2 belongs to the genus betacoronavirus, together with SARS-CoV and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) (with 80% and 50% homology, respectively) (Kim et al., 2020; Zhou et al., 2020). Coronaviruses (CoVs) were thought to primarily cause enzootic infections in birds and mammals. But, the recurring outbreaks of SARS, MERS, and now COVID-19 have clearly demonstrated the remarkable ability of CoVs to cross species barriers and transmit between humans (Menachery et al., 2017). CoVs carry the largest genomes (26-32 kb) among all RNA virus families (Figure 1). Each viral transcript has a ′ -cap structure and a ′ poly(A) tail (Lai and Stohlman, 1981; Yogo et al., 1977). Upon cell entry, the genomic RNA is translated to produce nonstructural proteins (nsps) from two open reading frames (ORFs), ORF1a, and ORF1b. The ORF1a produces polypeptide 1a (pp1a, 440-500 kDa) that is cleaved into nsps. The −1 ribosome frameshift occurs immediately upstream of the ORF1a stop codon, which allows continued translation of ORF1b, yielding a large polypeptide (pp1ab, 740-810 kDa) which is cleaved into nsps. The proteolytic cleavage is mediated by viral proteases nsp3 and nsp5 that harbor a papain-like protease domain and a 3C-like protease domain, respectively. The viral genome is also used as the template for replication and transcription, which is mediated by nsp12 harboring RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRP) activity (Snijder et al., 2016; Sola et al., 2015) . Negative-strand RNA intermediates are generated to serve as the templates for the synthesis of positive-sense genomic RNA (gRNA) and subgenomic RNAs (sgRNAs). The gRNA is packaged by the structural proteins to assemble progeny virions. Shorter sgRNAs encode conserved structural proteins (spike protein (S), Kim et al.	-0.77689129114151	18.991376876831055	4
The Seattle Flu Study: a multi-arm community-based prospective study protocol for assessing influenza prevalence, transmission, and genomic epidemiology Seattle Flu Study Investigators: Co-Investigators. We present the study design for large-scale assessment of the burden of ARI attributable to influenza and other respiratory pathogens to map the clinical and molecular epidemiology of influenza in a major metropolitan area. This will provide the framework for further studies of strategies for rapid, accurate identification and deployment of interventions to interrupt spread of infectious disease in major metropolitan areas. The Seattle Flu Study is funded through the Brotman Baty Institute. The funder was not involved in the design of the study, does not have any ownership over the management and conduct of the study, the data, or the rights to publish. designed and implemented the protocol, they also wrote, reviewed and edited the written protocol. Elisabeth Brandstetter, Jennifer Logue, Kira L Newman, and Caitlin Wolf contributed to the design of the prospective clinical and cross-sectional community study arms and also wrote, reviewed, and edited the written protocol. Reena K. Gulati, Louise E. Kimball, Michael L. Jackson assisted in the design of the overall protocol. Amanda Adler and Kirsten Lacombe contributed to the design of the prospective childcare cohort and reviewed and edited the written protocol.	-27.341379165649414	-28.482309341430664	2
The biomechanical role of extra-axonemal structures in shaping the flagellar beat of Euglena. We propose and discuss a model for flagellar mechanics in Euglena gracilis. We show that the peculiar non-planar shapes of its beating flagellum, dubbed "spinning lasso", arise from the mechanical interactions between two of its inner components, namely, the axoneme and the paraflagellar rod. The spontaneous shape of the axoneme and the resting shape of the paraflagellar rod are incompatible. The complex non-planar configurations of the coupled system emerge as the energetically optimal compromise between the two antagonistic components. The model is able to reproduce the experimentally observed flagellar beats and their characteristic spinning lasso geometric signature, namely, travelling waves of torsion with alternating sing along the length of the flagellum.	-14.207907676696777	22.32232093811035	8
The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint N x (t) by N y (t), where N x (t) is the number of lattice sites in a row and N y (t) is the number of sites in a column. All simulations are performed with periodic boundary conditions, and throughout this work the lattice spacing, ∆, is equal to one. For notational convenience we shall now write N x (t) as N x , and N y (t) as N y . In the IBM each agent is initially assigned to a lattice site, from which it can move or proliferate into an adjacent site.	-14.662031173706055	-11.57481861114502	5
The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint RNA viruses are the only known RNA-protein (RNP) entities capable of autonomous replication. The upper genome size for such entities was assumed to be <35 kb; conversely, the minimal cellular DNA genome is ~200 kb. This large difference presents a daunting gap for the proposed evolution of contemporary DNA-RNP-based life from primordial RNP entities. Here, we describe a nidovirus from planarians, whose 41.1 kb genome is 23% larger than the largest known of RNA virus. The planarian secretory cell nidovirus has broken apparent constraints on the size of the genomic subregion that encodes core replication machinery, and has acquired genes not previously observed in RNA viruses. This virus challenges and advances our understanding of the limits to RNA genome size.	-1.8237563371658325	15.618426322937012	8
The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint Up to recently, four viral families, Arteriviridae, Coronaviridae, Roniviridae, and Mesoniviridae constituted the Nidovirales order. The Coronaviridae family was further divided in two subfamilies, Coronavirinae and Torovirinae. The Torovirinae family contained two genus Torovirus and Bafinivirus, plus few unassigned species. Recently, the ICTV proposed a novel classification into the Nidovirales order, with the creation of nine families [1] . In this novel ICTV proposal, ratified on February 2019, Coronaviridae do not encompass both Coronavirinae and Toronavirinae subfamilies. Rather, the new suborder Tornidovirinae (including toroviruses and bafiniviruses) contains a novel family, Tobaniviridae, at the same level as the Coronaviridae, which is now within suborder Cornidovirineae. This new taxonomy is used here, as depicted in Fig. Nidovirales have attracted much attention in the past decades for being causative agents of serious diseases in humans and animals. In humans, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and the Middle-East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) coronaviruses (CoVs) have been associated with high fatality/case ratios of ∼10% and ∼35 %, respectively (reviewed in [2]). In animals, pathogens of significant economical and societal impact include Equine Arteritis virus (EAV, Alphaarterivirus equid) and Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome virus (PRSSV 1-2, Betaarterivirus suid 1-2). Two salient features of these viruses are, amongst others, their complex and still obscure replication/transcription mechanism as well as their broad genome-size range. Genomes of Arteriviridae (12.7 -15.7 kb in length), Mesoniviridae (∼20 kb), Medioniviridae (20.2 -25 kb), Euroniviridae (∼24.5 kb), Roniviridae (∼26 kb) Tobaniviridae and Coronaviridae (∼27-32 kb), Abyssoviridae (35.9 kb), and Mononiviridae (41.1 kb) members, share a similar genomic organisation generating viral mRNAs from a fixed genomic location, the 'nest', which has inspired the family name (Nido : latin for 'nest') [3, 4] . Nidovirales genomic and mRNAs are presumably capped, although direct demonstration of the presence of an RNA cap structure is still missing for many of these Nidovirales members. In Eukaryotes, the RNA cap structure is thought to be synthesized post-transcriptionally [5] . Most of (+)RNA viruses supposedly follow a conventional RNA capping pathway [6] in which nascent viral 5'-triphosphate genomic (or mRNAs) is thought to be processed through three enzymatic reactions to yield an RNA cap whose structure is indistinguishable from that of cellular mRNAs. The capping pathway implies that the 5'-triphosphate RNA is hydrolyzed into 5'-diphosphate by an RNA triphosphatase, a GMP residue (the « cap », coming from GTP) is next covalently transferred to the 5'-diphosphate RNA in the 5' to 5' orientation by a guanlylyltransferase (GTase), releasing inorganic pyrophosphate. Both the cap and the first transcribed nucleotide are then methylated at the N7-guanine (mGpppN-RNA, so-called Cap0 structure) and the 2'-oxygen position (mGpppNm-RNA, Cap1 structure) by one or two RNA methyltransferases (MTases), respectively. The MTase uses S-Adenosyl-Methionine (SAM) as the methyl donor and releases S-Adenosyl-homocysteine (SAH). There is no high-resolution structural analysis available of Nidovirales RNA caps. The evidence for their presence comes from immunological detection in Torovirus genomic and mRNAs [7] , and co-migration analysis in low-resolution chromatographic techniques for MHV [8] and Simian Hemorragic fever virus [9] . In other instances, Nidovirales cap structures supposedly conform to the canonical eukaryotic RNA capping pathway because enzymes usually deemed necessary to perform RNA capping are present in cognate genomes (reviewed in [6]). Bioinformatic analyses have been used to detect signature-sequences typically associated with RNA capping/modifying enzymes i.e guanlylyltransferase (GTase), polymerase, helicase, nuclease, and methyltransferase (MTase). These signature-sequences have served in many instances to isolate corresponding enzymes endowed with the predicted activity.	-0.7875927686691284	18.018779754638672	8
The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint Viruses are obligate intracellular pathogens thatutilize host-cell machinery to infect cells, replicate themselves, and then exit the cells for another round of infection. Human astroviruses (HAstVs) are a group of non-enveloped, single-stranded, and positive-sense RNA viruses in the family Astroviridae. HAstVs are causative agents of viral diarrhea in young children, immunocompromised patients, and elderly individuals (1-5). The astrovirus genome has three open reading frames (ORFs); ORF1a and ORF1b encode two nonstructural polyproteins (nsPs), and ORF2 encodes the capsid protein (6). The nsP1a polyprotein, transcribed from ORF1a, is involved in viral transcription and replication. When HAstV infects a host cell, nsP1a is cleaved into at least four products, named nsP1a/1, nsP1a/2, nsP1a/3 (protease), and nsP1a/4. The nsP1a/4 protein is located at the C-terminal end of nsP1a.Several domains have been identified in nsP1a/4, including two coiled-coil regions, a death domain (DD), a nuclear localization signal (NLS), a putative viral genome-linked protein(VPg), and a hypervariable region (HVR)(7-12). It was confirmed that nsP1a/4 plays important roles in the activation of capsid maturation and the regulation of RNA replication (13, 14). To better understand the roles of nsP1a and nsP1a/4 in HAstV infection and replication, we characterized host proteins that interact with nsP1a or nsP1a/4 by utilizing a yeast two-hybrid approach. We identified at least host proteins that could bind to nsP1a, one of which was CD63.	-13.066079139709473	26.941757202148438	12
The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint correlation of 0.91) than structural distances between SHAPE profiles ( Figure 1A , 1B, correlation of 0.50). Moreover, CROSS shows better performances than algorithms such as RNAstructure [13,14] and RNAfold [12] (respective correlations 0.71 and 0.47 with crystals; Supplementary Figures and 4) . The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint crystallographic, CROSS and SHAPE data). While CROSS and crystallographic profiles identify specific clusters of RNA molecules with low sequence identity and high structural similarity (colored in red, orange and green according to difference confidence thresholds; Figures 1C, 1D, 1E) , SHAPE data cannot be used to identify these structures. To further test the usefulness of CROSSalign, we compared its output with that of CMfinder [15]. CMfinder is a method to compute multiple sequence alignments that exploits structural motifs for ranking (Materials and Methods, Comparisons with CMfinder). We analyzed the largest multiple sequence alignments reported in the CMfinder test set (cobalamin, intron gp II, s box, lysine and histone 3) and used the minimal structural distance to assign the closest match to each transcript. Selecting equal-size groups (lowest and highest CMfinder scores), we measured CROSSalign performances on CMfinder rankings, achieving an AUC of 0.80 (Supplementary Methods; Supplementary Figure 5A). We note that CROSSalign has particularly strong performances on the largest dataset: cobalamin (71 sequences of 216nt; AUC of 0.95; Supplementary Figure 5B). Ribosomal RNAs are considered one of the most ancient, structured and conserved classes of RNA molecules [5]. The first step to validate CROSSalign was to search for structural similarities between the Small SubUnit (SSU) of the rRNA of different bacteria (Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli, Bacillus subtilis, Deinococcus radiodurans). All the rRNAs show significant structural similarity (p-value <10 -5 ) with a low structural distance (~0.08; Table 1A ). By contrast, shuffling one of the two sequences in CROSSalign predictions results in non-significant scoring (p-values of 0.10 or higher; Table 1A ), indicating the importance of the sequence context in our calculations. Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Escherichia coli are the most similar SSUs (structural distance of 0.06; p-value <10 -5 ). The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint contained in the other ones [6], we searched the complete SSU of Escherichia coli in the SSU of other species such as Pyrococcus furiosus, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Homo sapiens. The results show a strong and significant structural similarity, in agreement with the theory of self-contained evolution (Table 1B) . By contrast, comparison with randomized E. coli SSU or H. sapiens mRNA of the same length results in non-significant scores (p-values of 0.10 or higher Table 1B) . XIST is a lncRNA characterized by several repetitive domains showing different structural properties (Figures 2A and 2B) [16]. The 5' conserved region, named Arepeat (or RepA), is indispensable for gene-silencing and has been shown to be highly conserved in mammals. In mouse it consists of 7.5 copies (8.5 in humans) of 26-mers separated by U-rich linkers (Figure 2A) [17]. In and 2017, two reports on the XIST A-repeat structure were published [18,19], both making use of experimental techniques to infer XIST structure . The A-repeat structures obtained are similar with strikingly identical stem-loop structures, both emerging from larger RNA bulges of repeats 3, 5, and (for a comparison with CROSS predictions, see our previous manuscript [10]). To evaluate the ability of CROSSalign to recognize the structural content in RepA, we used RNAinverse from Vienna suite [12] to generate different sequences (average identity of 40%; Supplementary Table 1) with the same structure as RepA (Materials and Methods; Reverse engineering: from structure to sequence). The sequences were then divided into a reference (25 transcripts) and a positive (25 transcripts) set, and we built a list of negative cases by shuffling times the original RepA. We then used CROSSalign to compute all scores for the positive and negative set against the corresponding reference set and used the minimal structural distance to assign the closest match to each transcript. The strong performances obtained highlight the ability of CROSSalign to identify structural similarities regardless of the sequence similarity (AUC of 0.85; Figure 2C ). The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint a covariance model approach [20]. In this case, CMsearch is not able to identify any match between either the positive or negative list and the reference sets (AUC of 0.5; CROSSalign is able to recognize structural similarities between non-similar sequences, outperforming covariance-based approaches such as CMsearch. After this first validation step, we used CROSSalign to study structural similarities of XIST domain RepA in different species [21]. Our analysis reveals that primates cluster close to human (Supplementary Figure 6A) while other species are more distant (Supplementary Figures 6A and 7) . By contrast, calculating sequence similarity with respect to human XIST (computed with EMBOSS; see Materials and Methods), we could not identify a specific cluster for primates (Supplementary Figure 6B ). Thus, our results indicate that secondary structure shows a higher degree of conservation than sequence. We then selected RepA of orangutan and searched for structural similarities within all human intergenic lncRNAs (lincRNAs sequences; ENSEMBLE 82). XIST was ranked as the best significant match in the pool (structural distance 0.01; p-value < -6 ) and RepA was correctly identified (predicted coordinates: 328-764; 95% overlap with the query region; Figure 3A ; Supplementary Table 2) . Similar results were observed for baboon RepA (best result: 0.032; 86% overlap with the query region) and lemur RepA (best result: 0.075; p-value; 97% overlap with the query region), suggesting a strong structural conservation within primates ( Figure 3B ). By contrast, human and mouse RepA showed a larger distance in terms of both structural and sequence similarity, which is in agreement with previous studies on lncRNA conservation [22]. We used CROSSalign to search for the human RepA within all mouse lncRNAs and identified XIST as the th best hit (structural distance 0.085; p-value < -6 ; Figure 4A ). In this case, the position of RepA was not correctly assigned (coordinates: 10306-10698; 0% overlap) but the best match falls into the regulatory region of exon 7, and the structural relation between RepA and exon has been reported [23]. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint show a strong correlation of 0.92 ( Figure 4B) . Interestingly, even if little information is available on Mirg, the transcript is prevalently expressed in the embryo [24]. This result unveils a previously unreported relationship between XIST and Mirg, in which structural and functional homologies can be linked. Intriguingly, also the second best result, Rian (ENSMUSG00000097451), is expressed in embryo, while no information is available on the third and fourth hits (ENSMUSG00000107391 and ENSMUSG00000085312). We note that the five matches here are not listed in the top hits obtained by analysis of sequence similarity (<34%). Our results suggest that the secondary structure of RepA is conserved among primates, and diverges between human and mouse. However, analyzing the information contained in structured nucleotides (i.e., nucleotides with CROSS score < are set to 0) we could identify XIST as the best match of human RepA within all mouse lncRNAs (structural distance 0.034; p-value < -6 ; Figure 4C ). This result indicates that double-stranded regions are more conserved than single-stranded regions. In addition, we note that by sequence identity, XIST ranks as the th hit of human RepA in all mouse lncRNAs, which indicates that methods based on sequence comparison show a significantly lower ability to identify structural homologues. HOTAIR shows a complex secondary structure, divided into four domains (D1, 2, 3, 4; Figures 5A and 5B) [25]. Experimentally it has been determined that more than 50% of the nucleotides are involved in base pairing (CROSS achieves an AUC > 0.80 in predicting its SHAPE profile; Supplementary Figures 8A and 8B) [26]. The region D2 is highly structured and consists of helices, terminal loops, and junctions (three 5-way junctions and one 3-way junction) [26]. The D2 domain of HOTAIR is predicted by CROSS to be the most structured ( Figure 5B ). We used the same reverse engineering process as for RepA to generate different sequences (average identity of 40%; Supplementary Table 1) with the same secondary structure as D2 (Materials and Methods; Reverse engineering: from structure to sequence).	-15.306246757507324	2.8498504161834717	6
The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is the . doi: bioRxiv preprint their susceptibility to infection by pseudotyped viruses (PV) bearing bat H17 and/or N10 envelope glycoproteins. We show that a number of human haematopoietic cancer cell lines and the canine kidney MDCK II (but not MDCK I) cells are susceptible to H17-pseudotypes (H17-PV). We observed with microarrays and qRT-PCR that the dog leukocyte antigen DLA-30 DRA mRNA is over expressed in late passaged parental MDCK and commercial MDCK II cells, compared to early passaged parental MDCK and MDCK I cells, respectively. The human orthologue HLA-DRA encodes the alpha subunit of the MHC class II HLA-DR antigen-binding heterodimer. Small interfering RNA-or neutralizing antibody-targeting HLA-DRA, drastically reduced the susceptibility of Raji B cells to H17-PV. Conversely, over expression of HLA-DRA and its paralogue HLA-DRB1 on the surface of the unsusceptible HEK293T/17 cells conferred susceptibility to H17-PV. The identification of HLA-DR as an H17N10 entry mediator will contribute to a better understanding of the tropism of the virus and will elucidate its zoonotic transmission.	4.455765724182129	43.70389175415039	0
The demand for inpatient and ICU beds for COVID-19 in the US: lessons from Chinese cities. Background: Sustained spread of SARS-CoV-2 has happened in major US cities. Capacity needs in Chinese cities could inform the planning of local healthcare resources.	0.7830211520195007	-25.03355598449707	3
The demyelinating agent cuprizone induces a male-specific reduction in binge eating in the binge-prone C57BL/6NJ strain 4. Binge eating (BE) is a heritable symptom of eating disorders with an unknown genetic etiology. Rodent models for BE of palatable food permit the study of genetic and biological mechanisms. We previously used genetic mapping and transcriptome analysis to map a coding mutation in Cyfip2 associated with increased BE in the BE-prone C57BL/6NJ substrain compared to the BE-35 resistant C57BL/6J substrain. The increase in BE in C57BL/6NJ mice was associated with a decrease in transcription of genes enriched for myelination in the striatum. Here, we tested the hypothesis that decreasing myelin levels with the demyelinating agent cuprizone would enhance BE. Mice were treated with a 0.3% cuprizone home cage diet for two weeks. Following a three-39 week recovery period, mice were trained for BE in an intermittent, limited access procedure. Cuprizone induced similar weight loss in both substrains and sexes that recovered within h after removal of the cuprizone diet. Surprisingly, cuprizone reduced BE in male but not female C57BL/6NJ mice while having no effect in C57BL/6J mice. Cuprizone also reduced myelin basic protein (MBP) at seven weeks post-cuprizone removal while having no effect on myelin-44 associated glycoprotein (MAG) at this time point. C57BL/6N mice also showed less MBP than C57BL/6J mice. There were no statistical interactions of Treatment with Sex on MBP levels, indicating that differences in MBP are unlikely to account for sex differences in BE. To summarize, cuprizone induced an unexpected, male-specific reduction in BE which could indicate sex-specific biological mechanisms that depend on genetic background. KEY WORDS: binge eating disorder, demyelination, sex differences, reduced complexity cross, QTL, sex as a biological variable	-19.268014907836914	10.818279266357422	11
The deubiquitinating activity of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus papain-like protease delays the innate immune response and enhances virulence in a mouse model Robert. Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) continues to cause zoonotic infections and serious disease, primarily in the Arabian Peninsula, due to repeated spill-over from dromedary camels and subsequent nosocomial transmission. Approved MERS vaccines for use in animals or humans are not currently available. MERS-CoV replication requires the virus-encoded papain-like protease (PL pro ) to cleave multiple sites in the viral replicase polyproteins, thereby releasing functional non-structural proteins. Additionally, PL pro is a deubiquitinating enzyme (DUB) that can remove ubiquitin(-like) moieties from substrates, presumably to counteract host antiviral responses. In previous work, we determined the crystal structure of MERS-CoV PL pro in complex with ubiquitin, facilitating the design of PL pro mutations that impair DUB activity without affecting viral polyprotein cleavage. Here, we introduced these DUB-inactivating mutations into the viral genome and examined their impact on MERS-CoV infection both in cell culture and in a lethal mouse model. Although overall replication of DUB-negative and wild-type (wt) recombinant MERS-CoV was comparable in multiple cell lines, infection with DUB-negative virus markedly increased mRNA levels for interferon (IFN)-β and IFN-stimulated genes. Moreover, compared to a wt virus infection, the survival rate was significantly increased when DUB-negative MERS-CoV was used to infect transgenic mice expressing a human MERS-CoV receptor. Interestingly, DUB-negative and wt MERS-CoV replicated to the same titers in lungs of infected mice, but the DUB-negative virus was cleared faster, likely due to the observed accelerated and better-regulated innate immune responses, in contrast to delayed and subsequently excessive responses in wt virus-infected mice. This study provides the first direct evidence that the DUB activity of a coronaviral protease contributes to innate immune evasion and can profoundly enhance virulence in an animal model. Thus, reduction or removal of the innate immune-suppressive DUB activity of PL pro s is a promising strategy for coronavirus attenuation in the context of rational vaccine development.	9.386613845825195	22.795469284057617	12
The differentiated airway epithelium infected by influenza viruses maintains the barrier function despite a dramatic loss of ciliated cells OPEN. Virus-host interactions in the respiratory epithelium during long term influenza virus infection are not well characterized. Therefore, we developed an air-liquid interface culture system for differentiated porcine respiratory epithelial cells to study the effect of virus-induced cellular damage. In our welldifferentiated cells, α2,6-linked sialic acid is predominantly expressed on the apical surface and the basal cells mainly express α2,3-linked sialic acid. During the whole infection period, release of infectious virus was maintained at a high titre for more than seven days. The infected epithelial cells were subject to apoptosis resulting in the loss of ciliated cells together with a thinner thickness. Nevertheless, the airway epithelium maintained trans-epithelial electrical resistance and retained its barrier function. were not yet differentiated into ciliated cells. These specialized cells showed an increase of α2,3-linked sialic acid on the apical surface. In sum, our results help to explain the localized infection of the airway epithelium by influenza viruses. The impairment of mucociliary clearance in the epithelial cells provides an explanation why prior viral infection renders the host more susceptible to secondary co-infection by another pathogen. The airway epithelium is the primary barrier to infection by respiratory pathogens. Viruses have found different ways to get across the epithelial barrier, such as transcytosis or via infected immune cells 2,3 . The most straightforward strategy, however, is the infection of the epithelial cells. For this purpose, the pathogens have to overcome the mucociliary clearance system made up from mucins released by mucus-producing cells. Foreign material entrapped by the mucus is transported out of the respiratory tract by the ciliated cells 4,5 . Influenza A viruses (IAV) are rather efficient in overcoming the defence mechanisms of the host using their two surface glycoproteins, hemagglutinin (HA) and neuraminidase (NA), which have sialic acid binding and neuraminidase activities 6-8 . Infection of the airway epithelial cells is initiated by the binding of the haemagglutinin to cell surface glycoconjugates. Human and swine IAV (swIAV) preferentially bind to α 2,6-linked sialic acid, whereas most avian IAV have a preference for α 2,3-linked sialic acid . To enter host cells by fusion of the viral and the cellular membrane, the haemagglutinins of mammalian IAV are activated in the respiratory tract by proteases like TMPRSS2 and HAT . Infections by human and swIAV usually remain restricted to the respiratory tract. The distribution of activating proteases may in part explain the localized infection induced by these viruses . However, the interactions	5.733962535858154	25.20368003845215	12
The effect of control strategies that reduce social mixing on outcomes of the COVID-19 epidemic in Wuhan, China. BACKGROUND: In December 2019, a novel strain of SARS-CoV-2 emerged in Wuhan, China. Since then, the city of Wuhan has taken unprecedented measures and efforts in response to the outbreak. China, to assess their effects on the progression of the outbreak. We included the latest estimates of epidemic parameters from a transmission model fitted to data on local and internationally exported cases from Wuhan in the age-structured epidemic framework. Further, we looked at the age-distribution of cases. Lastly, we simulated lifting of the control measures by allowing people to return to work in a phased-in way, and looked at the effects of returning to work at different stages of the underlying outbreak.	-13.186376571655273	-26.355173110961914	3
The effect of human mobility and control measures on the COVID-19 epidemic in China. The ongoing COVID-19 outbreak has expanded rapidly throughout China. Major behavioral, clinical, and state interventions are underway currently to mitigate the epidemic and prevent the persistence of the virus in human populations in China and worldwide. It remains unclear how these unprecedented interventions, including travel restrictions, have affected COVID-19 spread in China. We use real-time mobility data from Wuhan and detailed case data including travel history to elucidate the role of case importation on transmission in cities across China and ascertain the impact of control measures. Early on, the spatial distribution of COVID-19 cases in China was well explained by human mobility data. Following the implementation of control measures, this correlation dropped and growth rates became negative in most locations, although shifts in the demographics of reported cases are still indicative of local chains of transmission outside Wuhan. This study shows that the drastic control measures implemented in China have substantially mitigated the spread of COVID-19. The outbreak of COVID-19 has spread rapidly from its origin in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China (1). A range of interventions have been implemented following the detection in late December of a cluster of pneumonia cases of unknown etiology, and identification of the causative virus SARS-CoV-2 in early January (2). Interventions include improved rates of diagnostic testing, clinical management, rapid isolation of suspected and confirmed cases and, most notably, restrictions on mobility (hereafter called cordon sanitaire) imposed on Wuhan city on rd January. Travel restrictions were subsequently imposed on other cities across Hubei Province and partial movement restrictions have been enacted in many cities across China. Initial analysis suggests that the Wuhan cordon sanitaire resulted in an average delay of COVID-19 spread to other cities of days (3), but the true extent of the effect of the mobility restrictions and other types of interventions on transmission has not been examined in detail (4, 5). Questions remain over how these interventions affected the spread of SARS-CoV-2 to locations outside of Wuhan. We here use real-time mobility data, crowdsourced line-list data of cases with reported travel . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-14.208066940307617	-26.892120361328125	2
The effects of border control and quarantine measures on global spread of COVID-19. The rapid expansion of coronavirus has been observed in many parts of the world. Many newly reported cases of this new coronavirus during early outbreak phases have been associated with travel history from an epidemic region (identified as imported cases). For those cases without travel history, the risk of wider spreads through community contact is even higher. However, most population models assume a homogeneous infected population without considering that the imported and secondary cases contracted by the imported cases can pose a different risk to community spread. We have developed an "easy-to-use" mathematical framework extending from a meta-population model embedding city-to-city connections to stratify the dynamics of transmission waves caused by imported, secondary, and others from an outbreak source region when control measures are considered. Using the dynamics of the secondary cases, we are able to determine the probability of community spread. Using the top visiting cities from Wuhan in China as an example, we first demonstrated that the arrival time and the dynamics of the outbreaks at these cities can be successfully predicted under the reproductive number R = 2.92 and latent period τ = 5.2 days. Next, we showed that although control measures can gain extra 32.5 and 44.0 days in arrival time through a high intensive border control measure and a shorter time to quarantine under a low R (1.4), if the R is higher (2.92), only extra days can be gained for each of the same measures. This suggests the importance of lowering the incidence at source regions together with infectious disease control measures in susceptible regions. The study allows us to assess the effects of border control and quarantine measures on the emergence and the global spread in a fully connected world using the dynamics of the secondary cases. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-14.517987251281738	-23.091251373291016	2
The effects of modified sialic acids on mucus and erythrocytes on influenza A virus HA and NA functions. Sialic acids (Sia) are the primary receptors for influenza viruses, and are widely displayed on cell surfaces and in secreted mucus. Sia may be present in variant forms that include O-acetyl modifications at C4, C7, C8, and C9 positions, and N-acetyl or N-glycolyl at C5. They can also vary in their linkages, including α2-3 or α2-6-linkages. Here, we analyzed the distribution of modified Sia in cells and tissues of wild-type mice, or in mice lacking cytidine 5'-30 monophosphate-N-acetylneuraminic acid hydroxylase (CMAH) enzyme that synthesizes Nglycolyl modifications (Neu5Gc). We also examined the variation of Sia forms on erythrocytes and saliva from different animals. To determine the effect of Sia modifications on influenza A virus (IAV) infection, we tested for effects on hemagglutinin (HA) binding and neuraminidase (NA) cleavage. We confirmed that 9-O-acetyl, 7,9-O-acetyl, 4-O-acetyl, and Neu5Gc modifications are widely but variably expressed in mouse tissues, with the highest levels detected in the respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts. Secreted mucins in saliva and surface proteins of erythrocytes showed a great degree of variability in display of modified Sia between different species. IAV HA from different virus strains showed consistently reduced binding to both Neu5Gc and O-acetyl modified Sia; however, while IAV NA were inhibited by Neu5Gc and O-acetyl modifications, there was significant variability between NA types. The modifications of Sia in mucus may therefore have potent effects on the functions of IAV, and may affect both pathogens and the normal flora of different mucosal sites. (241 words) IMPORTANCE Sialic acids (Sia) are involved in many different cellular functions and are receptors for many pathogens. Sia come in many chemically modified forms but we lack a clear understanding of how they alter the interactions with microbes. Here we examine the expression of modified Sia in mouse tissues, on secreted mucus in saliva, and on erythrocytes, including those from IAV host species and animals used in IAV research. These Sia forms varied considerably between	-8.442337989807129	36.57706832885742	11
The geometry of dependence: solitary bee larvae prioritize carbohydrate over protein in. Bees, important pollinators, have declined significantly in recent decades, and human-11 induced changes to nutritional landscapes are partly responsible. Changes to nutritional quality rather than quantity have been overlooked as a threat to bee health. Yet knowledge of bee nutrition is currently largely restricted to adults of social species. Larval stages, where most growth occurs, are relatively understudied -perhaps because most social bees provision progressively and collectively, making nutrition difficult to trace. In mass-provisioning solitary bees (Osmia bicornis L.), we can manipulate and follow larval nutrition, and thereby determine effects of changes in diet quality. Under the Geometric Framework for Nutrition, we restricted larvae to diets: protein:carbohydrate ratios and nutrient concentrations. We asked: (a) which diets maximise body size and survival, (b) what consumption rules do larvae follow when nutrients are imbalanced? Finally, (c) given a choice of complementary diets, are larvae able to select a dietary balance? Larvae pupated after consuming a fixed carbohydrate amount, but tolerated a wide range of protein. Body size and survival were maximised on our lowest P:C ratio diet, and	-20.435989379882812	7.648650169372559	5
The host antiviral ribonuclease L protein supports Zika virus replication factory formation to enhance infectious virus production 5. The flavivirus Zika virus (ZIKV) activates ribonuclease L (RNase L) catalytic antiviral function during infection, yet deletion of RNase L decreases ZIKV production, suggesting a proviral role of RNase L. In this study, we reveal that latent RNase L supports ZIKV replication factory (RF) assembly. Deletion of RNase L induced broader cellular distribution of ZIKV dsRNA and NS3 compared with densely concentrated RFs detected in WT cells. An inactive form of RNase L was sufficient to contain ZIKV genome and dsRNA within a smaller area, which increased levels of viral RNA within RFs as well as infectious ZIKV released from the cell. We used a microtubule stabilization drug to demonstrate that RNase L deletion impaired the cytoskeleton rearrangements that are required for proper generation of RFs. During infection with dengue or West Nile Kunjin viruses, RNase L decreased virus production, suggesting that RNase L proviral function is specific to ZIKV. Keywords Zika virus, flavivirus, RNase L, replication factories, dengue virus, West Nile Kunjin virus	1.3310428857803345	23.6641902923584	12
The impact of regular school closure on seasonal influenza epidemics: a data-driven spatial transmission model for Belgium. School closure is often considered as an option to mitigate influenza epidemics because of its potential to reduce transmission in children and then in the community. The policy is still however highly debated because of controversial evidence. Moreover, the specific mechanisms leading to mitigation are not clearly identified. We introduced a stochastic spatial age-specific metapopulation model to assess the role of holiday-associated behavioral changes and how	-16.012216567993164	-24.118627548217773	2
The impact of social distancing and epicenter lockdown on the COVID-19 epidemic in mainland China: A data-driven SEIQR model study. The outbreak of coronavirus disease which originated in Wuhan, China, constitutes a public health emergency of international concern with a very high risk of spread and impact at the global level. We developed data-driven susceptible-exposed-infectious-quarantine-recovered (SEIQR) models to simulate the epidemic with the interventions of social distancing and epicenter lockdown. Population migration data combined with officially reported data were used to estimate model parameters, and then calculated the daily exported infected individuals by estimating the daily infected ratio and daily susceptible population size. As of Jan 01, 2020, the estimated initial number of latently infected individuals was 380.1 (95%-CI: 379.8~381.0). With days of substantial social distancing, the reproductive number in Wuhan and Hubei was reduced from 2.2 (95%-CI: 1.4~3.9) to 1.58 (95%-CI: 1.34~2.07), and in other provinces from 2.56 (95%-CI: 2.43~2.63) to 1.65 (95%-CI: 1.56~1.76). We found that earlier intervention of social distancing could significantly limit the epidemic in mainland China. The number of infections could be reduced up to 98.9%, and the number of deaths could be reduced by up to 99.3% as of Feb 23, 2020. However, earlier epicenter lockdown would partially neutralize this favorable effect. Because it would cause in situ deteriorating, which overwhelms the improvement out of the epicenter. To minimize the epidemic size and death, stepwise implementation of social distancing in the epicenter city first, then in the province, and later the whole nation without the epicenter lockdown would be practical and cost-effective.	-5.800957679748535	-34.00506591796875	3
The incubation period of 2019-nCoV from publicly reported confirmed cases: estimation and application. A novel human coronavirus (2019-nCoV) was identified in China in December, 2019. There is limited support for many of its key epidemiologic features, including the incubation period, which has important implications for surveillance and control activities. Here, we use data from public reports of confirmed cases in provinces, regions, and countries outside of Wuhan (Hubei province, China) with identifiable exposure windows and known dates of symptom onset to estimate the incubation period of 2019-nCoV. We estimate the median incubation period of 2019-nCoV to be 5.2 days (95% CI: 4.4, 6.0), and 97.5% of those who develop symptoms will do so within 10.5 days (95% CI: 7.3, 15.3) of infection. These estimates imply that, under conservative assumptions, out of every 10,000 cases will develop symptoms after days of active monitoring or quarantine. Whether this risk is acceptable depends on the underlying risk of infection and consequences of missed cases. The estimates presented here can be used to inform policy in multiple contexts based on these judgments.	-10.372037887573242	-32.2573127746582	2
The infant airway microbiome in health and disease impacts later asthma development. The nasopharynx (NP) is a reservoir for microbes associated with acute respiratory illnesses (ARI). The development of asthma is initiated during infancy, driven by airway inflammation associated with infections. Here, we report viral and bacterial community profiling of NP aspirates across a birth cohort, capturing all lower respiratory illnesses during their first year. Most infants were initially colonized with Staphylococcus or Corynebacterium before stable colonization with Alloiococcus or Moraxella, with transient incursions of Streptococcus, Moraxella or Haemophilus marking virus-associated ARIs. Our data identify the NP microbiome as a determinant for infection spread to the lower airways, severity of accompanying inflammatory symptoms, and risk for future asthma development. Early asymptomatic colonization with Streptococcus was a strong asthma predictor, and antibiotic usage disrupted asymptomatic colonization patterns. doi: bioRxiv preprint (154/782) of recorded episodes of upper respiratory illness (URI). The characteristics of the infants are summarized in Table S1 . Across all NP samples, more than million high quality 16S rRNA sequences were classified into 14,131 operational taxonomic units (OTUs), of which 1,010 were supported by >1,000 reads each. The dominant phyla were Proteobacteria (48%), Firmicutes (38%), Actinobacteria (13%), Bacteroidetes (1%) and Fusobacteria (0.5%) (Fig. 1A) . The NP microbiomes were dominated by six genera -Moraxella (31.2%), Streptococcus (15.5%), Corynebacterium (13.5%), Staphylococcus (10.3%), Haemophilus (9.7%) and Alloiococcus (8.8%; grouped under genus Dolosigranulum in some databases) (Error! Reference source not found.A). Despite the inclusion of diverse OTUs of these genera in the Greengenes reference database (138 Moraxella; 2,361 Streptococcus; 1,592 Corynebacterium; 1,936 Staphylococcus; Haemophilus; Alloiococcus), our sequences were dominated by one OTU per genus ( Fig. S1-6) , consistent with culture-based studies reporting NP colonization with the species Moraxella catarrhalis, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus aureus, Haemophilus influenzae and Alloiococcus otitidis. Hierarchical clustering of NP microbiomes based on relative abundance of the six major genera identified six microbiome profile groups (MPGs, Fig. 1B) . Each MPG was dominated by one of the six genera, although some samples in the Alloiococcus MPG also had relatively high abundance of Corynebacterium (Fig. 1B) . The distribution of other rarer OTUs, including those of Neisseria, Pseudomonas, Veillonella, Gemella, Rothia and Prevotella, is shown in Fig. S7 . Healthy NP samples collected around months of age were dominated by the Staphylococcus (41%) and Corynebacterium (22%) MPGs, but the frequency of these MPGs declined with age (11% and 10%, respectively, at months old) (Fig. 1C) . In contrast, the prevalence of Alloiococcus and Moraxella MPGs in healthy samples increased with age (14% and 9% at months, 26% and 41% at months, respectively). Analysis of MPG transitions amongst consecutive healthy NP samples from the same individuals ( Fig. S8A-B) suggested that Staphylococcus carriage was unstable or transient, particularly where an ARI had occurred in the intervening period between sampling. Alloiococcus was a stable colonizer, but less so if an ARI occurred between sampling. Where an ARI occurred in the intervening period between healthy samples, the most common transitions were to the Moraxella MPG from other MPGs, or the maintenance of stable colonization with Moraxella (Fig. S8B) . Almost all Moraxella-colonized infants experienced subsequent ARI before the next healthy sample was taken; this is explored further below. Haemophilus was very rarely detected in healthy NP microbiomes, while Streptococcus was present in 14% of healthy samples at each of the 2, and month sampling times (Fig. 1C) . Similar age-related patterns were observed amongst infection samples, with a decline in Staphylococcus and Corynebacterium MPGs and increase in Moraxella, Haemophilus and Streptococcus MPGs in older children (Fig. 1D) . Interestingly, boys had significantly more Moraxella in healthy samples (OR 1.3 for log abundance; 95% CI 1.1-1.5, p=0.0014, adjusted for age); no other gender effects were detected. We next assessed the impact of environmental factors on the relative abundance of the common NP microbiome genera. We found no significant effects of delivery mode or . CC-BY 4.0	16.489810943603516	-6.50367546081543	7
The large magnitude of protein-protein interaction (PPI) pairs within the human interactome necessitates the development of predictive models and screening tools to better understand this fundamental molecular communication. However, despite enormous efforts from various groups to develop predictive techniques in the last decade, PPI complex structures are in general still very challenging to predict due to the large number of degrees of freedom. In this study, we use the binding complex of human profilin (PFN1) and polyproline-10 (P10) as a model system to examine various approaches, with the aim of going beyond normal protein docking for PPI prediction and evaluation. The potential of mean force (PMF) was first obtained from the timeconsuming umbrella sampling, which confirmed that the most stable binding structure identified by the maximal PMF difference is indeed the crystallographic binding structure. Moreover, crucial residues previously identified in experimental studies, W3, H133 and S137 of PFN1, were found to form favorable hydrogen bonds with P10, suggesting a zipping process during the binding between PFN1 and P10. We then explored both regular molecular dynamics (MD) and steered molecular dynamics (SMD) simulations, seeking for better criteria of ranking the PPI prediction. Despite valuable information obtained from conventional MD simulations, neither the commonly used interaction energy between the two binding parties nor the long-term root mean square displacement (RMSD) correlates well with the PMF results. On the other hand, with a sizable collection of trajectories, we demonstrated that the average rupture work calculated from SMD simulations correlates fairly well with the PMFs (R = 0.67), making it a promising PPI screening method.	-15.50553035736084	1.2554380893707275	11
The lockdown of Hubei Province causing different transmission dynamics of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Wuhan and. Background After the outbreak of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) starting in late 2019, a number of researchers have reported the predicted the virus transmission dynamics. However, under the strict control policy the novel coronavirus does not spread naturally outside Hubei Province, and none of the prediction closes to the real situation. We used the traditional SEIR model, fully estimated the effect of control measures, to predict the virus transmission in Wuhan, the capital city of Hubei Province, and Beijing. We forecast that the outbreak of 2019-nCoV would reach its peak around March 6±10 in Wuhan and March 20±16 in Beijing, respectively. The infectious population in Beijing would be much less (only 0.3%) than those in Wuhan at the peak of this transmission wave. The number of confirmed cases in cities inside Hubei Province grow exponentially, whereas those in cities outside the province increase linearly. The unprecedented province lockdown substantially suspends the national and global outbreak of 2019-nCoV.	-0.4998828172683716	-28.571260452270508	3
The molecular basis for Pompe disease revealed by the structure of human acid α-glucosidase 5. Pompe disease results from a defect in human acid α-glucosidase (GAA), a lysosomal enzyme that cleaves terminal α1-4 and α1-6 glucose from glycogen. In Pompe disease (also known as Glycogen Storage Disorder type II), the accumulation of undegraded glycogen in lysosomes leads to cellular dysfunction, primarily in muscle and heart tissues. Pompe disease is an active candidate of clinical research, with pharmacological chaperone therapy tested and enzyme replacement therapy approved. Despite production of large amounts of recombinant GAA annually, the structure of GAA has not been reported until now. Here, we describe the first structure of GAA, at 1.7Å resolution. Three structures of GAA complexes reveal the molecular basis for the hundreds of mutations that lead to Pompe disease and for pharmacological chaperoning in the protein. The GAA structure reveals a surprising second sugar-binding site	-2.7219746112823486	23.383121490478516	8
The nd sialic acid-binding site of influenza A virus neuraminidase is an important determinant of the hemagglutinin- neuraminidase-receptor balance. Influenza A virus (IAV) neuraminidase (NA) receptor-destroying activity and hemagglutinin (HA) receptor-binding affinity need to be balanced with the host receptor repertoire for optimal viral fitness. NAs of avian, but not human viruses, contain a functional nd sialic acid (SIA)-binding site (2SBS) adjacent to the catalytic site, which contributes to sialidase activity against multivalent substrates. The receptor-binding specificity and potentially crucial contribution of the 2SBS to the HA-NA balance of virus particles is, however, poorly characterized. Here, we elucidated the receptor-binding specificity of the 2SBS of N2 NA and established an important role for this site in the virion HA-NA-receptor balance. NAs of H2N2/1957 pandemic virus with or without a functional 2SBS and viruses containing this NA were analysed. Avian-like N2, with a restored 2SBS due to an amino acid substitution at position 367, was more active than human N2 on multivalent substrates containing α2,3linked SIAs, corresponding with the pronounced binding-specificity of avian-like N2 for these receptors. When introduced into human viruses, avian-like N2 gave rise to altered plaque morphology and decreased replication compared to human N2. An opposite replication phenotype was observed when N2 was combined with avian-like HA. Specific bio-layer interferometry assays revealed a clear effect of the 2SBS on the dynamic interaction of virus particles with receptors. The absence or presence of a functional 2SBS affected virionreceptor binding and receptor cleavage required for particle movement on a receptor-coated surface and subsequent NA-dependent self-elution. The contribution of the 2SBS to virusreceptor interactions depended on the receptor-binding properties of HA and the identity of the receptors used. We conclude that the 2SBS is an important and underappreciated determinant of the HA-NA-receptor balance. The rapid loss of a functional 2SBS in pandemic viruses may have served to balance the novel host receptor-repertoire and altered receptorbinding properties of the corresponding HA protein. Influenza A viruses infect birds and mammals. They contain receptor-binding (HA) and receptor-destroying (NA) proteins, which are crucial determinants of host tropism and pathogenesis. It is generally accepted that the functional properties of HA and NA need to be well balanced to enable virion penetration of the receptor-rich mucus layer, binding to host cells, and release of newly assembled particles. This HA-NA-receptor balance is, however, poorly characterized resulting in part from a lack of suitable assays to measure this balance. In addition, NA is much less studied than HA. NA contains, besides its receptorcleavage site, a nd receptor-binding site, which is functional in avian, but not in human viruses. We now show that this nd receptor-binding site prefers binding to avian-type receptors and promotes cleavage of substrates carrying this receptor. Furthermore, by using novel assays, we established an important role for this site in the HA-NA-receptor balance of virus particles as it contributes to receptor binding and cleavage by virions, the latter of which is required for virion movement and self-elution from receptors. The results may provide an explanation for the rapid loss of a functional nd receptor-binding site in human pandemic viruses. Role for nd SIA-binding site of IAV NA in HA-NA-receptor balance PLOS Pathogens |	6.240128993988037	23.213396072387695	12
The network structure and eco-evolutionary dynamics of CRISPR-induced immune diversification. As a heritable sequence-specific adaptive immune system, CRISPR-Cas is a powerful force shaping strain diversity in host-virus systems. While the diversity of CRISPR alleles has been explored, the associated structure and dynamics of host-virus interactions has not. We develop theory on the role of CRISPR immunity in mediating the interplay between host-virus interaction structure and eco-evolutionary dynamics in a computational model and three natural systems. We show that the structures of networks describing who infects whom and who is protected from whom are modular and weighted-nested, respectively. The dynamic interplay between these networks influences transitions between dynamical regimes of virus diversification and host control,leading to eventual virus extinction. The three empirical systems exhibit weighted nestedness, a pattern our theory shows is indicative of viral control by hosts. Previously missing from studies of microbial host-pathogen systems, the protection network plays a key role in the coevolutionary dynamics. The structure of complex ecological communities is clearly non-random. It is generally argued that interaction structure affects the stability of communities to perturbations [1-3] and arises from coevolutionary dynamics between interacting partners [4] [5] [6] [7] , yet the structure-dynamics nexus remains a long-standing central question in community and network ecology. Host-parasite infection networks, in which interaction structure represents 'who infects whom', have been typically described as modular, nested, or both [8, 9] . Modularity concerns patterns of specificity, in which the network is partitioned into modules of hosts and parasites that interact densely with each other but sparsely with those outside the group. Nestedness concerns instead patterns of specialization, and describes a network structure in which specialist hosts are infected by subsets of parasites that in turn also infect the more generalist hosts [8, 9] . Common to all host-parasite network studies is a dominant focus on patterns of infection. Infection structure should critically depend however on the genetic basis of resistance of hosts to pathogens [10] . The emergence of network structure from immune selection has been shown in pathogens of humans such as Plasmodium falciparum [11, 12]. In particular, strain theory developed for pathogens with multilocus encoding of antigens posits that negative frequency dependent selection, mediated by competition for hosts through cross-immunity, can structure pathogen populations into clusters of strains with limited overlap of antigenic repertoires [11] [12] [13] [14] [15] . Parasites with . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a resistance by surface mutation can arise quickly to take over CRISPR or restriction-modification systems in providing immunity. This experimental and theoretical evidence for advantages of surface modification may entail strong fitness costs under natural conditions because mutations in surface receptors such as those in flagella or pili can be detrimental for microbial movement and biofilm formation [21] . Investigations of natural populations have indeed shown that surface resistance is costly in the wild [27, 28] . These observations underlie the need for complementing experimental approaches by developing theory on the kinds of 'macroscopic', whole system, diversity patterns expected under 'microscopic' CRISPR-induced coevolutionary processes. These patterns can serve as signatures in both nature and experiments for inferring whether specific underlying processes of resistance are at play. Resistance mechanisms can operate alone or in tandem to affect the diversification of microbes and phages. Nonetheless, not all of these are relevant for linking between host/phage genotypes and immune phenotype as observed in the structure of immunity and infection networks. Surface modification, for instance, is a result of mutation and selection that will provide advantage to one or few mutated strains periodically sweeping through the population. Restriction-modification systems, being unspecific to viral genetic sequence, also do not provide such link because they do not result in the creation of new strains. In contrast, CRISPR is a heritable adaptive immune system conferring sequence-specific protection against viruses, plasmids, and other mobile elements [23, 29] . As such, it not only provides a direct sequence-based link, but also allows consideration of concomitant structures for both infection and immunity, and from both host and parasite perspectives. The diversity of CRISPR alleles in natural, experimental and simulated populations has been explored [30] [31] [32] [33] [34] . It has been shown, for example, that increased strain diversity of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (with strains being clones with different spacer compositions) promotes the ability of the bacterium to control the DMS3vir virus [32] . Nevertheless, how such strain diversity evolves, the emergence of structure of host-virus interaction networks, and how they are assembled and disassembled remain unexplored. Advancing this predictive framework for CRISPR-Cas in microbial populations provides a basis for further study of the relative importance and interactions of different resistance mechanisms, and is essential for effective experimental manipulation of microbial systems, including applications to health and engineering [35, 36] . It can open new frontiers in studies of immune diversity and, more generally, contribute to tighten the connection between microbiology and evolutionary biology [37] .	-6.3854265213012695	8.357125282287598	5
The ongoing outbreak of a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) causes an epidemic of acute respiratory syndrome in humans. 2019-nCoV rapidly spread to national regions and multiple other countries, thus, pose a serious threat to public health. Recent studies show that spike (S) proteins of 2019-nCoV and SARS-CoV may use the same host cell receptor called angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) for entering into host cells. The affinity between ACE2 and 2019-nCoV S is much higher than ACE2 binding to SARS-CoV S protein, explaining that why 2019-nCoV seems to be more readily transmitted from the human to human. Here, we reported that ACE2 can be significantly upregulated after infection of various viruses including SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. Basing on findings here, we propose that coronavirus infection can positively induce its cellular entry receptor to accelerate their replication and spread, thus drugs targeting ACE2 expression may be prepared for the future emerging infectious diseases caused by this cluster of viruses.	9.516558647155762	12.69213581085205	4
The ongoing outbreak of viral pneumonia in China and beyond is associated with a novel coronavirus, provisionally termed 2019-nCoV. This outbreak has been tentatively associated with a seafood market in Wuhan, China, where the sale of wild animals may be the source of zoonotic infection. Although bats are likely reservoir hosts for 2019-nCoV, the identity of any intermediate host facilitating transfer to humans is unknown. Here, we report the identification of 2019-nCoV related coronaviruses in pangolins (Manis javanica) seized in anti-smuggling operations in southern China. Metagenomic sequencing identified pangolin associated CoVs that belong to two sub-lineages of 2019-nCoV related coronaviruses, including one very closely related to 2019-nCoV in the receptor-binding domain. The discovery of multiple lineages of pangolin coronavirus and their similarity to 2019-nCoV suggests that pangolins should be considered as possible intermediate hosts for this novel human virus and should be removed from wet markets to prevent zoonotic transmission.	10.480177879333496	6.712215900421143	10
The permeabilized SecY protein-translocation channel can serve as a nonspecific sugar transporter Running Title: Bacterial nonspecific sugar transport 18. As the initial step in carbohydrate catabolism in cells, the substrate-specific transporters via active transport and facilitated diffusion play a decisive role in passage of sugars through the plasma membrane into the cytoplasm. The SecY complex (SecYEG) in bacteria forms a membrane channel responsible for protein translocation. This work Keywords: channel permeabilization/ free diffusion / plasma membrane/ sugar transport	-3.0643982887268066	28.625715255737305	8
The protective role of microRNA-21 against coxsackievirus B3 infection through targeting the MAP2K3/P38 MAPK signaling pathway. Background: The P38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway plays an essential role in CVB3-induced diseases. We previously demonstrated microRNA-21 has potential inhibitory effect on the MAP2K3 which locates upstream of P38 MAPK and was upregulated in mouse hearts upon CVB3 infection. However, the effect and underlying mechanism of miRNA-21 on CVB3 infection remain unclear. We detected continuous changes of cellular miRNA-21 and P38 MAPK proteins expression profiling post CVB3 infection in vitro within h. P38 MAPK signaling was inhibited by the specific inhibitor, small interfering RNA and miRNA-21 mimic in vitro, CVB3 replication, cell apoptosis rate and proliferation were detected. Viral load in the mice heart, cardiomyocyte apoptosis rate and histological of the heart were also detected in the mice model of viral myocarditis pretreated with miRNA-21-lentivirus. We observed significant upregulation of miRNA-21 expression followed by suppression of the MAP2K3/P38 MAPK signaling in CVB3-infected Hela cells. The inactivation of the MAP2K3/P38 MAPK signaling by P38 MAPK specific inhibitor, small interfering RNA against MAP2K3, or miRNA-21 overexpression significantly inhibited viral progeny release from CVB3-infected cells. Mechanistically, when compared with control miRNA, miRNA-21 showed no effect on capsid protein VP1 expression and viral load within host cells, while significantly reversing CVB3-induced caspase-3 activation and cell apoptosis rate, further promoting proliferation of infected cells, which indicates the inhibitory effect of miRNA-21 on CVB3 progeny release. In the in vivo study, when compared with control miRNA, miRNA-21 pretreatment remarkably inactivated the MAP2K3/P38 MAPK signaling in mice and protected them against CVB3 infection as evidenced by significantly alleviated cell apoptosis rate, reduced viral titers, necrosis in the heart as well as by remarkably prolonged survival time. Conclusions: miRNA-21 were reverse correlated with P38 MAPK activation post CVB3 infection, miRNA-21 overexpression significantly inhibited viral progeny release and decreased myocytes apoptosis rate in vitro and in vivo, suggesting that miRNA-21 may serve as a potential therapeutic agent against CVB3 infection through targeting the MAP2K3/P38 MAPK signaling.	4.081607341766357	39.07971954345703	0
The reproductive number R of COVID-19 based on estimate of a statistical time delay dynamical system. In this paper, we estimate the reproductive number R of COVID-19 based on Wallinga and Lipsitch framework [11] and a novel statistical time delay dynamic system. We use the observed data reported in CCDC's paper to estimate distribution of the generation interval of the infection and apply the simulation results from the time delay dynamic system as well as released data from CCDC to fit the growth rate. The conclusion is: Based our Fudan-CCDC model, the growth rate r of COVID-19 is almost in [0.30, 0.32] which is larger than the growth rate 0.1 estimated by CCDC [9], and the reproductive number R of COVID-19 is estimated by 3.25 ≤ R ≤ 3.4 if we simply use R = + r * T c with T c = 7.5, which is bigger than that of SARS. Some evolutions and predictions are listed.	-5.472038269042969	-21.628244400024414	3
The role of facemasks and hand hygiene in the prevention of influenza transmission in households: results from a cluster randomised trial; Background: Previous controlled studies on the effect of non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI) -namely the use of facemasks and intensified hand hygiene -in preventing household transmission of influenza have not produced definitive results. We aimed to investigate efficacy, acceptability, and tolerability of NPI in households with influenza index patients. Methods: We conducted a cluster randomized controlled trial during the pandemic season 2009/10 and the ensuing influenza season 2010/11. We included households with an influenza positive index case in the absence of further respiratory illness within the preceding days. Study arms were wearing a facemask and practicing intensified hand hygiene (MH group), wearing facemasks only (M group) and none of the two (control group). Main outcome measure was laboratory confirmed influenza infection in a household contact. We used daily questionnaires to examine adherence and tolerability of the interventions. Results: We recruited households (30 control, M and MH households) with 82, and household contacts, respectively. In 2009/10 all index cases had a influenza A (H1N1) pdm09 infection, in 2010/11 had an A (H1N1) pdm09 and had a B infection. The total secondary attack rate was 16% (35/218). In intention-totreat analysis there was no statistically significant effect of the M and MH interventions on secondary infections. When analysing only households where intervention was implemented within h after symptom onset of the index case, secondary infection in the pooled M and MH groups was significantly lower compared to the control group (adjusted odds ratio 0.16, 95% CI, 0.03-0.92). In a per-protocol analysis odds ratios were significantly reduced among participants of the M group (adjusted odds ratio, 0.30, 95% CI, 0.10-0.94). With the exception of MH index cases in 2010/11 adherence was good for adults and children, contacts and index cases. Conclusions: Results suggest that household transmission of influenza can be reduced by the use of NPI, such as facemasks and intensified hand hygiene, when implemented early and used diligently. Concerns about acceptability and tolerability of the interventions should not be a reason against their recommendation. Trial registration: The study was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (Identifier NCT00833885).	16.939054489135742	-28.470117568969727	2
The role of institutional trust in preventive and treatment-seeking behaviors during the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak among residents in Hubei, China. Background Since December 2019, pneumonia associated with the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has emerged in Wuhan, China. The exponential increase of the confirmed number of cases of 2019n-CoV is of great concern to the global community. The fears and panic among residents in the epicenters have prompted diverse responses, which are understudied. During such a crisis, community trust and support for the government and health authorities are important to contain the outbreak. We aimed to investigate the influence of institutional trust on public responses to the 2019-nCoV outbreak. Methods An anonymous Internet-based, cross-sectional survey was administered on January 29, 2020. The study population comprised all residents currently residing or working in the province of Hubei, where Wuhan is the capital city. The level of trust in information provision and preventive instructions, individual preventive behaviors and treatment-seeking behaviors were queried. Findings The majority of the participants expressed a great extent of trust in the information and preventive instructions provided by the central government than by the local government. A high uptake of 2019-nCoV preventive measures was found, particularly among people who had been placed under quarantine. Being under quarantine (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.80 to 3.08) and having a high institutional trust score (OR = 2.23, 95% CI 1.96 to 2.53) were both strong and significant determinants of higher preventive behavior scores. The majority of study participants (85.7%, n = 3,640) reported that they would seek hospital treatment if they suspected themselves to have been infected with n-CoV. Few of the participants from Wuhan (16.6%, n = 475) and those participants who were under . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-15.792705535888672	-40.75639724731445	2
The role of post-Golgi transport pathways and sorting motifs in the plasmodesmal targeting of the movement protein (MP) of Ourmia melon virus (OuMV). Plants have a highly sophisticated endomembrane system that is targeted by plant viruses for cell-to-cell movement. The movement protein (MP) of Ourmia melon virus (OuMV) is targeted to plasmodesmata (PD) and forms tubules to facilitate cell-to-cell movement. Despite a number of functionally important regions for correct subcellular localization of OuMV MP has been identified, little is known about the pathways OuMV MP hijacks to reach PD. Here, we demonstrate that OuMV MP localizes to the trans-Golgi network (TGN), but not to the multivesicular body/prevacuolar compartment or Golgi, and carries two putative sorting motifs, a tyrosine (Y) and a dileucine (LL) motif, near its N-terminus. Introducing glycine substitutions in these motifs results in loss of OuMV infectivity in Nicotiana benthamiana and Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana). Live cell imaging of GFP-labeled sorting motif mutants shows that Y motif mutants fail to localize to the TGN, plasma membrane, and PD. Mutations in the LL motif do not impair plasma membrane targeting of MP, but affect its ability to associate with callose deposits at PD. Taken together, these data suggest that both Y and LL motifs are indispensable for targeting of OuMV MP to PD and for efficient systemic infection, but show differences in functionality. This study provides new insights into the role of sorting motifs in intracellular targeting of MPs and vesicle trafficking pathways that plant viruses hijack for cell-to-cell movement.	-1.3742942810058594	28.047914505004883	12
The role of wobble uridine modifications in +1 translational frameshifting in eukaryotes. In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, out of tRNA species contain 5-methoxycarbonylmethyl-2-thiou ridine (mcm s U), 5-methoxycarbonylmethyluridine (mcm U), 5-carbamoylmethyluridine (ncm U) or 5carbamoylmethyl-2 -O-methyluridine (ncm Um) nucleosides in the anticodon at the wobble position (U ). Earlier we showed that mutants unable to form the side chain at position (ncm or mcm ) or lacking sulphur at position (s ) of U result in pleiotropic phenotypes, which are all suppressed by overexpression of hypomodified tRNAs. This observation suggests that the observed phenotypes are due to inefficient reading of cognate codons or an increased frameshifting. The latter may be caused by a ternary complex (aminoacyl-tRNA*eEF1A*GTP) with a modification deficient tRNA inefficiently being accepted to the ribosomal A-site and thereby allowing an increased peptidyl-tRNA slippage and thus a frameshift error. In this study, we have investigated the role of wobble uridine modifications in reading frame maintenance, using either the Renilla/Firefly luciferase bicistronic reporter system or a modified Ty1 frameshifting site in a HIS4A::lacZ reporter system. We here show that the presence of mcm and s side groups at wobble uridines are important for reading frame maintenance and thus the aforementioned mutant phenotypes might partly be due to frameshift errors.	-7.185949325561523	24.571826934814453	8
The sequence of human ACE2 is suboptimal for binding the S spike protein of SARS coronavirus 2. The rapid and escalating spread of SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) poses an immediate public health emergency, and no approved therapeutics or vaccines are currently available. The viral spike protein S binds ACE2 on host cells to initiate molecular events that release the viral genome intracellularly. Soluble ACE2 inhibits entry of both SARS and SARS-2 coronaviruses by acting as a decoy for S binding sites, and is a candidate for therapeutic and prophylactic development. Using deep mutagenesis, variants of ACE2 are identified with increased binding to the receptor binding domain of S at a cell surface. Mutations are found across the interface and also at buried sites where they are predicted to enhance folding and presentation of the interaction epitope. The N90-glycan on ACE2 hinders association. The mutational landscape offers a blueprint for engineering high affinity ACE2 receptors to meet this unprecedented challenge.	6.041693210601807	18.60259246826172	4
The spatiotemporal estimation of the dynamic risk and the international transmission of Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak: A global perspective 3.	22.809160232543945	-3.607656478881836	1
The tetraspanin CD9 facilitates MERS- coronavirus entry by scaffolding host cell receptors and proteases. Infection by enveloped coronaviruses (CoVs) initiates with viral spike (S) proteins binding to cellular receptors, and is followed by proteolytic cleavage of receptor-bound S proteins, which prompts S protein-mediated virus-cell membrane fusion. Infection therefore requires close proximity of receptors and proteases. We considered whether tetraspanins, scaffolding proteins known to facilitate CoV infections, hold receptors and proteases together on cell membranes. Using knockout cell lines, we found that the tetraspanin CD9, but not the tetraspanin CD81, formed cell-surface complexes of dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP4), the MERS-CoV receptor, and the type II transmembrane serine protease (TTSP) member TMPRSS2, a CoV-activating protease. This CD9-facilitated condensation of receptors and proteases allowed MERS-CoV pseudoviruses to enter cells rapidly and efficiently. Without CD9, MERS-CoV viruses were not activated by TTSPs, and they trafficked into endosomes to be cleaved much later and less efficiently by cathepsins. Thus, we identified DPP4:CD9:TTSP as the protein complexes necessary for early, efficient MERS-CoV entry. To evaluate the importance of these complexes in an in vivo CoV infection model, we used recombinant Adenovirus (rAd5) vectors to express human DPP4 in mouse lungs, thereby sensitizing the animals to MERS-CoV infection. When the rAd5-hDPP4 vectors co-expressed small RNAs silencing Cd9 or Tmprss2, the animals were significantly less susceptible, indicating that CD9 and TMPRSS2 facilitated robust in vivo MERS-CoV infection of mouse lungs. Furthermore, the S proteins of virulent mouse-adapted MERS-CoVs acquired a CD9-dependent cell entry character, suggesting that CD9 is a selective agent in the evolution of CoV virulence. Enveloped viruses rank among the most dangerous zoonotically emerging pathogens. Their cell entry often requires multiple transmembrane proteins in the target cell, which PLOS Pathogens |	4.240139484405518	23.217988967895508	12
The time scale of asymptomatic transmission affects estimates of epidemic potential in the COVID-19 outbreak. We assess the impact of asymptomatic transmission on epidemic potential of novel respiratory pathogens (like COVID-19) -as measured both by the basic reproduction number (i.e., the expected number of secondary cases generated by an average primary case in a fully susceptible population) and the fraction of new secondary cases attributable to asymptomatic individuals. We show that the impact of asymptomatic transmission depends on generation intervals (i.e., time between when an individual is infected and when that individual infects another person). If the generation-interval distribution of asymptomatic transmission differs from that of symptomatic transmission, then estimates of the basic reproduction number which do not explicitly account for asymptomatic cases may be systematically biased. Specifically, if asymptomatic cases have a shorter generation interval than symptomatic cases, R will be over-estimated, and if they have a longer generation interval, R will be underestimated. We also show that as the length of asymptomatic generation intervals increase, estimates of the realized proportion of asymptomatic transmission during the exponential phase of the epidemic decrease. Our analysis provides a rationale for assessing the duration of asymptomatic cases of COVID-19 in addition to their prevalence in the population.	-14.947242736816406	-19.20424461364746	5
The timing of one-shot interventions for epidemic control. The apparent early success in China's large-scale intervention to control the COVID-19 epidemic has led to interest in whether other countries can replicate it as well as concerns about a resurgence of the epidemic if or when China relaxes the interventions. In this paper we look at the impact of a single short-term intervention on an epidemic. We see that if an intervention cannot be sustained long-term, it has the greatest impact if it is imposed once infection levels have become large enough that there is an appreciable number of infections present. For minimising the total number infected it should start close to the peak so that there is no rebound once the intervention is stopped, while to minimise the peak prevalence, it should start earlier, allowing two peaks of comparable size rather than one very large peak. In populations with distinct subgroups, synchronized interventions are less effective than targeting the interventions in each sub-population separately. We do not attempt to clearly determine what makes an intervention sustainable or not. We believe that is a policy question. If an intervention is sustainable, it should be kept in place. Our intent is to offer insight into how best to time an intervention whose impact on society is too great to maintain.	-22.132810592651367	-19.180171966552734	2
The translational landscape of Zika virus during infection of mammalian and insect cells 3. Zika virus is a single-stranded, positive-sense RNA virus of the family Flaviviridae, which has recently undergone a rapid expansion among humans in the Western Hemisphere. Here, we report a high-resolution map of ribosomal occupancy of the Zika virus genome during infection of mammalian and insect cells, obtained by ribosome profiling. In contrast to some other flaviviruses such as West Nile, we find no evidence for substantial frameshift-induced ribosomal drop-off during translation of the viral polyprotein, indicating that Zika virus must use alternative mechanisms to downregulate levels of catalytically active viral polymerase. We also show that high levels of ribosome-protected fragments map in-frame to two previously overlooked upstream open reading frames (uORFs) initiating at CUG and UUG codons, with likely consequences for the efficiency of polyprotein expression. Curiously, in African isolates of Zika virus, the two uORFs are fused in-frame into a single uORF. A parallel RNA-Seq analysis reveals the 5' end . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	-2.4592480659484863	19.37607765197754	8
The within-host viral kinetics of SARS-CoV-2. In this work, we use a within-host viral dynamic model to describe the SARS-CoV-2 kinetics in host. Chest radiograph score data are used to estimate the parameters of that model. Our result shows that the basic reproductive number of SARS-CoV-2 in host growth is around 3.79. Using the same method we also estimate the basic reproductive number of MERS virus is 8.16 which is higher than SARS-CoV-2. The PRCC method is used to analyze the sensitivities of model parameters and the drug effects on virus growth are also implemented to analyze the model.	-5.187405109405518	-20.278223037719727	3
Therapeutic Drugs Targeting 2019-nCoV Main Protease by High-Throughput Screening. Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a virus identified as the cause of the outbreak of pneumonia first detected in Wuhan, China. Investigations on the transmissibility, severity, and other features associated with this virus are ongoing. Currently, there is no vaccine or therapeutic antibody to prevent the infection, and more time is required to develop an effective immune strategy against the pathogen. In contrast, specific inhibitors targeting the key protease involved in replication and proliferation of the virus are the most effective means to alleviate the epidemic. The main protease of SARS-CoV is essential for the life cycle of the virus, which showed 96.1% of similarity with the main proteaseof 2019-nCoV, is considered to be an attractive target for drug development. In this study, we have identified small molecular drugs with high binding capacity with SARS-CoV main protease by high-throughput screening based on the 8,000 clinical drug libraries, all these drugs have been widely used in clinical applications with guaranteed safety, which may serve as promising candidates to treat the infection of 2019-nCoV.	13.105512619018555	13.96352767944336	4
Therapeutic effects of dipyridamole on COVID-19 patients with coagulation dysfunction. The human coronavirus HCoV-19 infection can cause acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), hypercoagulability, hypertension, extrapulmonary multiorgan dysfunction. Effective antiviral and anti-coagulation agents with safe clinical profiles are urgently needed to improve the overall prognosis. We screened an FDA approved drug library and found that an anticoagulant agent dipyridamole (DIP) suppressed HCoV-19 replication at an EC50 of nM in vitro. It also elicited potent type I interferon responses and ameliorated lung pathology in a viral pneumonia model. In analysis of twelve HCoV-19 infected patients with prophylactic anti-coagulation therapy, we found that DIP supplementation was associated with significantly increased platelet and lymphocyte counts and decreased D-dimer levels in comparison to control patients. Two weeks after initiation of DIP treatment, of the severe cases (60%) and all of the mild cases (100%) were discharged from the hospital. One critically ill patient with extremely high levels of D-dimer and lymphopenia at the time of receiving DIP passed away. All other patients were in clinical remission. In summary, HCoV-19 infected patients could potentially benefit from DIP adjunctive therapy by reducing viral replication, suppressing hypercoagulability and enhancing immune recovery. Larger scale clinical trials of DIP are needed to validate these therapeutic effects.	9.80644416809082	-19.15507698059082	7
Thompson and Duintjer Tebbens The Journal of Infectious Diseases ®. Recent detections of circulating serotype vaccine-derived poliovirus in northern Nigeria (Borno and Sokoto states) and Pakistan (Balochistan Province) and serotype wild poliovirus in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Nigeria (Borno) represent public health emergencies that require aggressive response. We demonstrate the importance of undervaccinated subpopulations, using an existing dynamic poliovirus transmission and oral poliovirus vaccine evolution model. We review the lessons learned during the polio endgame about the role of subpopulations in sustaining transmission, and we explore the implications of subpopulations for other vaccine-preventable disease eradication efforts. Relatively isolated subpopulations benefit little from high surrounding population immunity to transmission and will sustain transmission as long as they do not attain high vaccination coverage. Failing to reach such subpopulations with high coverage represents the root cause of polio eradication delays. Achieving and maintaining eradication requires addressing the weakest links, which includes immunizing populations in insecure areas and/or with disrupted or poor-performing health systems and managing the risks of individuals with primary immunodeficiencies who can excrete vaccine-derived poliovirus long-term. Eradication efforts for vaccine-preventable diseases need to create performance expectations for countries to immunize all people living within their borders and maintain high coverage with appropriate interventions.	-16.92863655090332	-29.911638259887695	2
Three asymptomatic animal infection models of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome caused by hantaviruses. Hantaan virus (HTNV) and Puumala virus (PUUV) are rodent-borne hantaviruses that are the primary causes of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (HFRS) in Europe and Asia. The development of well characterized animal models of HTNV and PUUV infection is critical for the evaluation and the potential licensure of HFRS vaccines and therapeutics. In this study we present three animal models of HTNV infection (hamster, ferret and marmoset), and two animal models of PUUV infection (hamster, ferret). Infection of hamsters with a~3 times the infectious dose 99% (ID ) of HTNV by the intramuscular and~1 ID of HTNV by the intranasal route leads to a persistent asymptomatic infection, characterized by sporadic viremia and high levels of viral genome in the lung, brain and kidney. In contrast, infection of hamsters with~2 ID of PUUV by the intramuscular or~1 ID of PUUV by the intranasal route leads to seroconversion with no detectable viremia, and a transient detection of viral genome. Infection of ferrets with a high dose of either HTNV or PUUV by the intramuscular route leads to seroconversion and gradual weight loss, though kidney function remained unimpaired and serum viremia and viral dissemination to organs was not detected. In marmosets a 1,000 PFU HTNV intramuscular challenge led to robust seroconversion and neutralizing antibody production. Similarly to the ferret model of HTNV infection, no renal impairment, serum viremia or viral dissemination to organs was detected in marmosets. This is the first report of hantavirus infection in ferrets and marmosets.	23.426326751708984	15.914798736572266	10
Title Analysis of the epidemic growth of the early 2019-nCoV outbreak using internationally confirmed cases. Background: On January 23, 2020, a quarantine was imposed on travel in and out of Wuhan, where the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak originated from. Previous analyses estimated the basic epidemiological parameters using symptom onset dates of the confirmed cases in Wuhan and outside China. We obtained information on the coronavirus cases who traveled from Wuhan before January and have been subsequently confirmed in Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Macau, Singapore, and Taiwan as of February 5, 2020. Most cases have detailed travel history and disease progress. Compared to previous analyses, an important distinction is that we used this data to informatively simulate the infection time of each case using the symptom onset time, previously reported incubation interval, and travel history. We then fitted a simple exponential growth model with adjustment for the January travel ban to the distribution of the simulated infection time. We used a Bayesian analysis with diffuse priors to quantify the uncertainty of the estimated epidemiological parameters. We performed sensitivity analysis to different choices of incubation interval and the hyperparameters in the prior specification. We found that our model provides good fit to the distribution of the infection time. Assuming the travel rate to the selected countries and regions is constant over the study period, we found that the epidemic was doubling in size every 2.9 days (95% credible interval [CrI], days-4.1 days). Using previously reported serial interval for 2019-nCoV, the estimated basic reproduction number is 5.7 (95% CrI, 3.4-9.2). The estimates did not change substantially if we assumed the travel rate doubled in the last days before January 23, when we used previously reported incubation interval for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), or when we changed the hyperparameters in our prior specification. Our estimated epidemiological parameters are higher than an earlier report using confirmed cases in Wuhan. This indicates the 2019-nCoV could have been spreading faster than previous estimates. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-9.770623207092285	-30.12981605529785	3
Title Page Simulating and Forecasting the Cumulative Confirmed Cases of SARS-CoV-2 in China by Boltzmann Function-based Regression Analyses of SARS-CoV-2 in mainland China (including Hubei Province) will become minimal between. An ongoing outbreak of atypical pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus 2) is hitting Wuhan City and has spread to other provinces/cities of China and overseas. It very urgent to forecast the future course of the outbreak. Here, we provide an estimate of the potential total number of confirmed cases in mainland China by applying Boltzmann-function based regression analyses. We found that the cumulative number of confirmed cases from Jan to Feb 14, for mainland China, Hubei Province, Wuhan City and other provinces were all well fitted with the Boltzmann function (R being close to 0.999). The potential total number of confirmed cases in the above geographic regions were estimated at 95% confidence interval (CI) as (71576, 93855), (58223, 77895), (40812, 57678) and (12748, 16092), respectively. Notably, our results suggest that the number of daily new confirmed cases	-2.206325054168701	-31.230417251586914	3
Title Spike-based phylogenetically defined clades within the Alphacoronavirus species Authors 7. Taxonomic classification for the Coronaviridae can be challenging, due to the wide host tropism and highly variable genome of the viruses in this Family. Within the Alphacoronavirus genus, there is a single species Alphacoronavirus that encompasses several biologically distinct viruses of distinct animal species. Here, we carried out phylogenetic analysis of members of the Alphacoronavirus genus, focusing on the viral spike gene, which is a primary driver of viral tropism and pathogenesis. We identify two distinct clades (A and B) within the Alphacoronavirus species. Alphacoronavirus clade A encompasses serotype I FCoV and CCoV, and Alphacoronavirus clade B, encompasses serotype II FCoV and CCoV and TGEV-like viruses. We propose this clade designation, along with the newly proposed Alphacoronavirus species, as an improved way to classify the diverse Alphacoronavirus genus.	0.031240858137607574	13.288168907165527	10
Title Systematic review and meta-analysis of predictive symptoms and comorbidities for severe COVID-19 infection. COVID-19, a novel coronavirus outbreak starting in China, is now a rapidly developing public health emergency of international concern. The clinical spectrum of COVID-19 disease is varied, and identifying factors associated with severe disease has been described as an urgent research priority. It has been noted that elderly patients with pre-existing comorbidities are more vulnerable to more severe disease. However, the specific symptoms and comorbidities that most strongly predict disease severity are unclear. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to identify the symptoms and comorbidities predictive of COVID-19 severity. This study was prospectively registered on PROSPERO. A literature search was performed in three databases (MEDLINE, EMBASE and Global Health) for studies indexed up to th March 2020. Two reviewers independently screened the literature and both also completed data extraction. Quality appraisal of studies was performed using the STROBE checklist. Random effects meta-analysis was performed for selected symptoms and comorbidities to identify those most associated with severe COVID-19 infection or ICU admission. Of the studies identified, were selected after title and abstract analysis, and studies (including COVID-19 patients) were chosen for inclusion. The ICU group were older (62.4 years) compared to the non-ICU group (46 years), with a significantly higher proportion of males (67.2% vs. 57.1%, p=0.04). Dyspnoea was the only significant symptom predictive for both severe disease (pOR 3.70, 95% CI 1.83 -7.46) and ICU admission (pOR 6.55, 95% CI 4.28-10.0). Notwithstanding the low prevalence of COPD in severe disease and ICUadmitted groups (4.5% and 9.7%, respectively), COPD was the most strongly predictive comorbidity for both severe disease (pOR 6.42, 95% CI 2. -16.9) and ICU admission (pOR 17.8, 95% CI 6.56 -48.2). Cardiovascular disease and the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The copyright holder for this preprint (which was not peer-reviewed) is . hypertension were also strongly predictive for both severe disease and ICU admission. Those with CVD and hypertension were 4.4 (95% CI 2.64 -7.47) and 3.7 (95% CI 2.22 -5.99) times more likely to have an ICU admission respectively, compared to patients without the comorbidity. Dyspnoea was the only symptom strongly predictive for both severe disease and ICU admission, and could be useful in guiding clinical management decisions early in the course of illness. When looking at ICU-admitted patients, who represent the more severe end of the spectrum of clinical severity, COPD patients are particularly vulnerable, and those with cardiovascular disease and hypertension are also at a high-risk of severe illness. To aid clinical assessment, risk stratification, efficient resource allocation, and targeted public health interventions, future research must aim to further define those at high-risk of severe illness with COVID-19.	17.411457061767578	-23.623050689697266	9
Title page • Title A combinatorial biomolecular strategy to identify peptides for improved transport across the sputum of cystic fibrosis patients and the underlying epithelia • Author names and affiliations. Drugs and drug delivery systems have to traverse multiple biological barriers to achieve therapeutic efficacy. In diseases of mucosal-associated tissues such as cystic fibrosis (CF), successful delivery of gene and drug therapies remains a significant challenge due to an abnormally concentrated viscoelastic mucus, which prevents ~99% of all drugs and particles from penetrating the mucus barrier and the underlying epithelia for effective therapy, resulting in decreased survival. We used combinatorial peptide-presenting phage libraries and nextgeneration sequencing to identify hydrophilic, close to net-neutral charged peptides that penetrate the mucus barrier ex vivo in sputum from CF patients with ~600-fold better penetration than a positively charged control. After mucus penetration, nanoparticles conjugated with our selected peptides successfully translocated into lung epithelial cells derived from CF patients and demonstrated up to three-fold improved cell uptake compared to non-modified carboxylated-and gold standard PEGylated-nanoparticles. The selected peptides act as surface chemistries with synergistic functions to significantly improve the ability of drug delivery systems to overcome the human mucosal barriers and provide efficient cellular internalization. Our screening strategy provides a biologically-based discovery assay that directly addresses transport through mucus and cell barriers and has the potential to advance drug and gene delivery to multiple mucosal barriers.	20.28291893005371	31.0052433013916	11
Title: A mathematical model for estimating the age-specific transmissibility of a novel coronavirus Running title: Age-specific transmissibility of SARS-CoV-2 5. Background: A novel coronavirus named as "SARS-CoV-2" has spread widely in many countries since December 2019, especially in China. This study aimed to quantify the age-specific transmissibility by using a mathematical model.	-1.9991685152053833	-19.410329818725586	1
Title: ACP risk grade: a simple mortality index for patients with confirmed or suspected severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus disease (COVID-19) during the early stage of outbreak in Wuhan. Since the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) disease	22.94279670715332	-0.7791377305984497	1
Title: An Augmented Aging Process in Brain White Matter in HIV. Objective: HIV infection and aging are both associated with neurodegeneration. However, whether the aging process alone or other factors associated with advanced age account for the progression of neurodegeneration in the aging HIV-positive (HIV+) population remains unclear. Methods: HIV+ (n=70) and HIV-negative (HIV-, n=34) participants underwent diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and metrics of microstructural properties were extracted from regions of interest (ROIs). A support vector regression model was trained on two independent datasets of healthy adults across the adult life-span (n=765, Cam-CAN = 588; UiO = 177) to predict participant age from DTI metrics, and applied to the HIV dataset. Predicted brain age gap (BAG) was computed as the difference between predicted age and chronological age, and statistically compared between HIV groups. Regressions assessed the relationship between BAG and HIV severity/medical comorbidities. Finally, correlation analyses tested for associations between BAG and cognitive performance. Results: BAG was significantly higher in the HIV+ group than the HIV-group F (1, 103) = 12.408, p = 0.001). HIV RNA viral load was significantly associated with BAG, particularly in older HIV+ individuals (R = 0.29, F(7, 70) = 2.66, p = 0.021). Further, BAG was negatively correlated with domain-level cognitive function (learning: r = -0.26, p = 0.008; memory: r = -0.21, p = 0.034).	-12.718531608581543	-43.6941032409668	9
Title: Analyzing Vaccine Trials in Epidemics with Mild and Asymptomatic Infection. word count: Text word count: . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a ABSTRACT Vaccine efficacy against susceptibility to infection (VES), regardless of symptoms, is an important endpoint of vaccine trials for pathogens with a high proportion of asymptomatic infection, as such infections may contribute to onward transmission and outcomes such as Congenital Zika Syndrome. However, estimating VES is resource-intensive. We aim to identify methods to accurately estimate VES when limited information is available and resources are constrained. We model an individually randomized vaccine trial by generating a network of individuals and simulating an epidemic. The disease natural history follows a Susceptible, Exposed, Infectious and Symptomatic or Infectious and Asymptomatic, Recovered model. We then use seven approaches to estimate VES, and we also estimate vaccine efficacy against progression to symptoms (VEP). A corrected relative risk and an interval censored Cox model accurately estimate VES and only require serologic testing of participants once, while a Cox model using only symptomatic infections returns biased estimates. Only acquiring serological endpoints in a 10% sample and imputing the remaining infection statuses yields unbiased VES estimates across values of R0 and accurate estimates of VEP for higher values. Identifying resource-preserving methods for accurately estimating VES is important in designing trials for diseases with a high proportion of asymptomatic infection.	-17.603538513183594	-19.055055618286133	2
Title: Anesthetic agents affect urodynamic parameters and anesthetic depth at doses necessary to facilitate preclinical testing in felines. Urodynamic studies, used to understand bladder function, diagnose bladder disease, and develop treatments for dysfunctions, are ideally performed with awake subjects. However, in animal models, especially cats (a common model of spinal cord injury and associated bladder pathology), anesthesia is often required for these procedures and can be a research confounder. This study compared the effects of select agents (dexmedetomidine, alfaxalone, propofol, isoflurane, and α-chloralose) on urodynamic (Δpressure, bladder capacity, bladder compliance, non-voiding contractions, bladder pressure slopes) and anesthetic (change in heart rate [∆HR], average heart rate [HR], reflexes, induction/recovery times) parameters in repeated cystometrograms across five adult male cats. Δpressure was greatest with propofol, bladder capacity was highest with α-chloralose, non-voiding contractions were greatest with αchloralose. Propofol and dexmedetomidine had the highest bladder pressure slopes during the initial and final portions of the cystometrograms respectively. Cats progressed to a deeper plane of anesthesia (lower HR, smaller ΔHR, decreased reflexes) under dexmedetomidine, compared to propofol and alfaxalone. Time to induction was shortest with propofol, and time to recovery was shortest with dexmedetomidine. These agent-specific differences in urodynamic and anesthetic parameters in cats will facilitate appropriate study-specific anesthetic choices.	-21.903573989868164	10.705510139465332	11
Title: Antibody responses to SARS-CoV-2 in patients of novel coronavirus disease Brief Title: Antibody responses in COVID-19 patients Summary Background. The novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 is a newly emerging virus. The antibody response in infected patient remains largely unknown, and the clinical values of antibody testing have not been fully demonstrated. A total of patients with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection were enrolled. Their serial plasma samples (n = 535) collected during the hospitalization period were tested for total antibodies (Ab), IgM and IgG against SARS-CoV-2 using immunoassays. The dynamics of antibodies with the progress and severity of disease was analyzed. Among patients, the seroconversion rate for Ab, IgM and IgG was 93.1% (161/173), 82.7% (143/173) and 64.7% (112/173), respectively. Twelve patients who had not seroconverted were those only blood samples at the early stage of illness were collected. The seroconversion sequentially appeared for Ab, IgM and then IgG, with a median time of 11, and days, respectively. The presence of antibodies was < 40% among patients in the first days of illness, and then rapidly increased to 100.0%, 94.3% and 79.8% for Ab, IgM and IgG respectively since day after onset. In contrast, the positive rate of RNA decreased from 66.7% (58/87) in samples collected before day to 45.5% (25/55) during days to 39. Combining RNA and antibody detections significantly improved the sensitivity of pathogenic diagnosis for COVID-19 patients (p < 0.001), even in early phase of 1-week since onset (p = 0.007). Moreover, a higher titer of Ab was independently associated with a worse clinical classification (p = 0.006). The antibody detection offers vital clinical information during the course of SARS-CoV-2 infection. The findings provide strong empirical support for the routine application of serological testing in the diagnosis and management of COVID-19 patients.	14.009933471679688	-11.720379829406738	7
Title: Ascertainment rate of novel coronavirus disease (COVID- 19) in Japan Running title: Ascertainment in Japan Correspondence to. Objective: To estimate the ascertainment rate of novel coronavirus . We analyzed the epidemiological dataset of confirmed cases with COVID-19 in Japan as of February 2020. A statistical model was constructed to describe the heterogeneity of reporting rate by age and severity. We estimated the number of severe and non-severe cases, accounting for under-ascertainment. Results: The ascertainment rate of non-severe cases was estimated at 0.44 (95% confidence interval: 0.37, 0.50), indicating that unbiased number of non-cases . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-21.877574920654297	-31.722454071044922	2
Title: Candidate targets for immune responses to 2019-Novel Coronavirus (nCoV): sequence homology-and bioinformatic-based predictions. Effective countermeasures against the recent emergence and rapid expansion of the 2019-Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) require the development of data and tools to understand and monitor viral spread and immune responses. However, little information about the targets of immune responses to 2019-nCoV is available. We used the Immune Epitope Database and Analysis Resource (IEDB) resource to catalog available data related to other coronaviruses, including SARS-CoV, which has high sequence similarity to 2019-nCoV, and is the best-characterized coronavirus in terms of epitope responses. We identified multiple specific regions in 2019-nCoV that have high homology to SARS virus. Parallel bionformatic predictions identified a priori potential B and T cell epitopes for 2019-nCoV. The independent identification of the same regions using two approaches reflects the high probability that these regions are targets for immune recognition of 2019-nCoV. We identified potential targets for immune responses to 2019-nCoV and provide essential information for understanding human immune responses to this virus and evaluation of diagnostic and vaccine candidates.	6.714291095733643	9.650467872619629	4
Title: Close contacts and household transmission of SARS-CoV-2 in China: a content analysis based on local Heath Commissions' public disclosures. + These first authors contributed equally to this article BACKGROUND As of February 29, 2020, nearly thousand confirmed novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infection cases had been reported in China. Risk factors for transmission remain largely uncharacterized. The reproduction of infection can be characterized in two major scenarios, i.e., within-households and between-households [1]. Within-household transmission provides important information of infections cross age groups and genders. Estimation of the within-household transmission for SARS-CoV-2 is particularly important for disease control to characterize whether household contact might be driving the outbreak. If it transpires that virus is prone to transmit to a particular age group or gender, then special measures can be taken to control the transmission [2]. This study describes the transmission of the virus within households and close contacts.	-12.065509796142578	-24.620813369750977	2
Title: Effects of weather-related social distancing on city-scale transmission of respiratory viruses (limit characters). One sentence summary: Disruptions of school and work due to heavy snowfall in the Seattle metro area reduced the total size of respiratory virus epidemics by up to 9%. BACKGROUND: Unusually high snowfall in western Washington State in February led to widespread school and workplace closures. We assessed the impact of social distancing caused by this extreme weather event on the transmission of respiratory viruses. METHODS: Residual specimens from patients evaluated for acute respiratory illness at hospitals in the Seattle metropolitan area were screened for a panel of respiratory viruses. Transmission models were fit to each virus, with disruption of contact rates and care-seeking informed by data on local traffic volumes and hospital admissions. RESULTS: Disruption in contact patterns reduced effective contact rates during the intervention period by 16% to 95%, and cumulative disease incidence through the remainder of the season by 3% to 9%. Incidence reductions were greatest for viruses . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-20.35898208618164	-29.59767723083496	2
Title: Epidemiological and clinical features of cases with coronavirus disease in areas adjacent to Hubei, China: a double-center observational study. Lei, MD have contributed equally to this work. Word count: the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. Background: The clinical outcomes of COVID-19 patients in Hubei and other areas are different. We aim to investigate the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of patient with COVID-19 in Hunan which is adjacent to Hubei. In this double-center, observational study, we recruited all consecutive patients with laboratory confirmed COVID-19 from January to February 14, in two designated hospitals in Hunan province, China. Epidemiological and clinical data from patients' electronic medical records were collected and compared between mild, moderate and severe/critical group in detail. Clinical outcomes were followed up to February 20, 2020. Findings: patients with COVID-19 were categorized into mild group (10.0%), moderate group (72.8%) and severe/critical group (17.2%). The median age of all patients was years (49.8% were male). 86.6% patients had an indirect exposure history. The proportion of patients that had been to Wuhan in severe/critical group (48.0% vs 17.2%, p=0.006) and moderate group (43.4% vs 17.2%, p=0.007) were higher than mild group. Fever (68.7%), cough (60.5%), and fatigue (31.6%) were common symptoms especially for severe and critical patients. Typical lung imaging finding were bilateral and unilateral ground glass opacity or consolidation. Leukopenia, lymphopenia and eosinopenia occurred in 36.1%, 22.7% and 50.2% patients respectively. Increased fibrinogen was detected in of (77.6%) patients with available results. of (65.9%) or of (55.0%) patients were positive in Mycoplasma pneumonia or Chlamydia pneumonia antibody test respectively. Compared with mild or moderate group, severe/critical group had a relative higher level of neutrophil, the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	18.056865692138672	-20.118600845336914	9
Title: Feasibility of controlling 2019-nCoV outbreaks by isolation of cases and contacts. To assess the viability of isolation and contact tracing to control onwards transmission from imported cases of 2019-nCoV. We developed a stochastic transmission model, parameterised to the 2019-nCoV outbreak. We used the model to quantify the potential effectiveness of contact tracing and isolation of cases at controlling a nCoV-like pathogen. We considered scenarios that varied in: the number of initial cases; the basic reproduction number R0; the delay from symptom onset to isolation; the probability contacts were traced; the proportion of transmission that occurred before symptom onset, and the proportion of subclinical infections. We assumed isolation prevented all further transmission in the model. Outbreaks were deemed controlled if transmission ended within weeks or before cases in total. We measured the success of controlling outbreaks using isolation and contact tracing, and quantified the weekly maximum number of cases traced to measure feasibility of public health effort. Findings: While simulated outbreaks starting with only initial cases, R0 of 1.5 and little transmission before symptom onset could be controlled even with low contact tracing probability, the prospects of controlling an outbreak dramatically dropped with the number of initial cases, with higher R0, and with more transmission before symptom onset. Across different initial numbers of cases, the majority of scenarios with an R0 of 1.5 were controllable with under 50% of contacts successfully traced. For R0 of 2.5 and 3.5, more than 70% and 90% of contacts respectively had to be traced to control the majority of outbreaks. The delay between symptom onset and isolation played the largest role in determining whether an outbreak was controllable for lower values of R0. For higher values of R0 and a large initial number of cases, contact tracing and isolation was only potentially feasible when less than 1% of transmission occurred before symptom onset. Interpretation: We found that in most scenarios contact tracing and case isolation alone is unlikely to control a new outbreak of 2019-nCov within three months. The probability of control decreases with longer delays from symptom onset to isolation, fewer cases ascertained by contact tracing, and increasing transmission before symptoms. This model can be modified to reflect updated transmission characteristics and more specific definitions of outbreak control to assess the potential success of local response efforts.	-16.089996337890625	-22.27786636352539	2
Title: First patients with coronavirus disease. Introduction: More than 93,000 cases of coronavirus disease have been reported worldwide. We describe the epidemiology, clinical course, and virologic characteristics of the first U.S. patients with COVID-19. We collected demographic, exposure, and clinical information from patients confirmed by CDC during January 20-February 5, to have COVID-19. Respiratory, stool, serum, and urine specimens were submitted for SARS-CoV-2 rRT-PCR testing, virus culture, and whole genome sequencing. Results: Among the patients, median age was years (range: 21-68); were male, had traveled to China, and two were contacts of patients in this series. Commonly reported signs and symptoms at illness onset were fever (n=7) and cough (n=8). Seven patients were hospitalized with radiographic evidence of pneumonia and demonstrated clinical or laboratory signs of worsening during the second week of illness. Three were treated with the investigational antiviral remdesivir. All patients had SARS-CoV-2 RNA detected in respiratory specimens, typically for 2-3 weeks after illness onset, with lowest rRT-PCR Ct values often detected in the first week. SARS-CoV-2 RNA was detected after reported symptom resolution in seven patients. SARS-CoV-2 was cultured from respiratory specimens, and SARS-CoV-2 RNA was detected in stool from 7/10 patients. In patients with mild to moderately severe illness, SARS-CoV-2 RNA and viable virus were detected early, and prolonged RNA detection suggests the window for diagnosis is long. Hospitalized patients showed signs of worsening in the second week after illness onset. for use under a CC0 license.	12.497753143310547	-11.702221870422363	7
Title: Genome Detective Coronavirus Typing Tool for rapid identification and characterization of novel coronavirus genomes Short title: Automated tool for phylogenetic and mutational analysis of coronaviruses genomes. Genome Detective is a web-based, user-friendly software application to quickly and accurately assemble all known virus genomes from next generation sequencing datasets. This application allows the identification of phylogenetic clusters and genotypes from assembled genomes in FASTA format. Since its release in 2019, we have produced a number of typing tools for emergent viruses that have caused large outbreaks, such as Zika and Yellow Fever Virus in Brazil. Here, we present The Genome Detective Coronavirus Typing Tool that can accurately identify novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) sequences isolated in China and around the world. The tool can accept up to 2,000 sequences per submission and the analysis of a new whole genome sequence will take approximately one minute. The tool has been tested and validated with hundreds of whole genomes from ten coronavirus species, and correctly classified all of the SARS-related coronavirus (SARSr-CoV) and all of the available public data for 2019-nCoV. The tool also allows tracking of new viral mutations as the outbreak expands globally, which may help to accelerate the development of novel diagnostics, drugs and vaccines.	-5.393276214599609	0.15816715359687805	6
Title: HOPS-dependent endosomal fusion required for efficient cytosolic delivery of therapeutic peptides and small proteins. Protein therapeutics represent a significant and growing component of the modern pharmacopeia, but their potential to treat human disease is limited because most proteins fail to traffic across biological membranes. Recently, we discovered that cell-permeant miniature proteins (CPMPs) containing a precisely defined, penta-arginine motif traffic readily to the cytosol and nucleus with efficiencies that rival those of hydrocarbon-stapled peptides active in animals and man. Like many cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs), CPMPs enter the endocytic pathway; the difference is that CPMPs are released efficiently from endosomes while other CPPs are not. Here, we seek to understand how CPMPs traffic from endosomes into the cytosol and what factors contribute to the efficiency of endosomal release. First, using two complementary cell-based assays, we exclude endosomal rupture as the primary means of endosomal escape. Next, using a broad spectrum of techniques, including an RNA interference (RNAi) screen, fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS), and confocal imaging, we identify VPS39-a gene encoding a subunit of the homotypic fusion and protein sorting (HOPS) complex-as a critical determinant in the trafficking of CPMPs and hydrocarbon-stapled peptides to the cytosol. Although CPMPs neither inhibit nor activate HOPS function, HOPS activity is essential to efficiently deliver CPMPs to the cytosol. Subsequent multi-color confocal imaging studies identify CPMPs within the endosomal lumen, particularly within the intraluminal vesicles (ILVs) of Rab7 + and Lamp1 + endosomes that are the products of HOPS-mediated fusion. These results suggest that CPMPs require HOPS to reach ILVs-an environment that serves as a prerequisite for efficient endosomal escape. conclude that HOPS allows CPMPs to traffic into intraluminal vesicles (ILVs), a favorable environment for endosomal escape. The identification of ILVs as a portal for passing proteins into the cytosol will aid the development of next-generation biologics that overcome the limitations imposed by cellular membranes. RESULTS The simplest way for a CPMP to escape from an endosome is if the endosome ruptures, in part or in full (25). Although there has been limited work on the effects of certain CPPs on the integrity of large unilamellar vesicles (LUVs) in vitro (26), the concentration-dependent effects of CPMPs or more traditional cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs) on endosomal integrity in cultured cells have not been thoroughly evaluated. Thus, we began our analysis with two complementary assays that together detect both subtle and severe endosomal damage in cells treated with a CPMP or CPP. One assay exploits a set of eGFP-labeled galectins to fluorescently tag damaged endosomes to enable their visualization using confocal microscopy, while the other employs a fluorescently tagged version of the nonalysine (Lys9) peptide to quantify the extent of endosome rupture in cells treated with a CPMP or CPP. In both cases, the effects of the two most efficient CPMPs-aPP5.3 (1) and ZF5.3 (2)-were compared with those of prototypic members of three CPP families: the hydrocarbon-stapled peptide SAH-p53-8 (3) (22); Doctaarginine (D-Arg8, 4) (27), and a cyclic peptide containing both natural and unnatural amino acids, CPP12 (5) (26) (Figure and Figure S1 ). SAH-p53-8 (3) is a hydrocarbon-stapled peptide that reaches the cell interior despite the absence of excess positive charge, D-octaarginine is the proteolytically stable enantiomer of the widely studied octapeptide L-Arg8 (27, 28), and CPP12 (5) is a cyclic peptide that reportedly reaches the cytosol with an efficiency that rivals aPP5.3 (26). A characteristic feature of endosomes that have been damaged by invading viruses (29, 30), bacteria-triggered autophagy (31-34), or endosomolytic nanoparticles (35) is the cytosolic display of β-galactosides linked to proteoglycans that are ordinarily found on the luminal side of endolysosomal compartments (36). Once displayed to the cytosol, β-galactosides recruit cytosolic galectin (Gal) proteins (37, 38), such as Gal1, 3, 4, 8, and 9, that share a conserved βgalactoside binding site ( Figure S2A ) (39, 40). In particular, Gal3 and Gal8 are recruited to damaged Rab7 + and Lamp1 + endosomes that form along the degradative branch of the endocytic pathway (33, 40). Previous work has shown that endosomal damage can be detected by monitoring the translocation of eGFP fusions of Gal3 or Gal8 from the cytosol to endosome surfaces (29-34). Fusions of Gal3 or Gal8 and eGFP have also been used to visualize late endosome damage upon siRNA release from endosomes (40), screen for small molecules that induce lysosomal rupture (41), visualize endosomal leakage induced by osmocytosis and . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a	-2.38092303276062	28.05670738220215	12
Title: Incorporating Human Movement Data to Improve Epidemiological Estimates for 2019-nCoV. Estimating the key epidemiological features of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) epidemic proves to be challenging, given incompleteness and delays in early data reporting, in particular, the severe under-reporting bias in the epicenter, Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. As a result, the current literature reports widely varying estimates. We developed an alternative geostratified debiasing estimation framework by incorporating human mobility with case reporting data in three stratified zones, i.e., Wuhan, Hubei Province excluding Wuhan, and mainland China excluding Hubei. We estimated the latent infection ratio to be around 0.12% (18,556 people) and the basic reproduction number to be 3.24 in Wuhan before the city's lockdown on January 23, 2020. The findings based on this debiasing framework have important implications to prioritization of control and prevention efforts. One Sentence Summary: A geo-stratified debiasing approach incorporating human movement data was developed to improve modeling of the 2019-nCoV epidemic. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	-2.318903684616089	-26.903932571411133	3
Title: Integrated Disease Surveillance and Response (IDSR) in Malawi: Implementation Gaps and Challenges for Timely Alert Submit journal: PLoS ONE. Objective: The emerging and recent Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) outbreaks rang the bell to call upon efforts from globe to assist resource-constrained countries to strengthen public health surveillance system for early response. Malawi adopted the Integrated Disease Surveillance and Response (IDSR) strategy to develop its national surveillance system since and revised its guideline to fulfill the International Health Regulation (IHR) requirements in 2014. This study aimed to understand the state of IDSR implementation and differences between guideline and practice for future disease surveillance system strengthening. Methods: This was a mixed-method observational study. Quantitative data were to analyze completeness and timeliness of surveillance system performance from national District Health Information System (DHIS2). Qualitative data were collected through interviews with frontline health service providers from the selected district and key informants of the IDSR system implementation and administration at district and national levels. Findings: The current IDSR system showed relatively good completeness (76.4%) but poor timeliness (41.5%) of total expected monthly reports nationwide and zero weekly reports. The challenges of IDSR implementation revealed through qualitative data included lack of supervision, inadequate resources for training and difficulty to implement weekly report due to overwhelming paperwork at frontline health services. Conclusions: The differences between IDSR technical guideline and actual practice were huge. The developing information technology infrastructure in Malawi and emerging mobile health (mHealth) technology can be opportunities for the country to overcome these challenges and improve surveillance system to have better timeliness for the outbreaks and unusual events detection.	-18.089736938476562	-35.039093017578125	2
Title: Interventions targeting air travellers early in the pandemic may delay local outbreaks of SARS-CoV-2. We evaluated if interventions aimed at air travellers can delay establishment of a SARS-CoV-2 outbreak in a previously unaffected country. Methods: For countries with no sustained SARS-CoV-2 transmission and with no shared border with affected regions we simulated arriving infected air travellers. We assessed the effectiveness of syndromic screening at departure and/or arrival & traveller sensitisation to the COVID-2019-like symptoms with the aim to trigger rapid self-isolation and reporting on symptom onset to enable contact tracing. We assumed that syndromic screening would reduce the number of infected arrivals and that traveller sensitisation reduce the average number of secondary cases. We report the minimal expected delay achievable in 50% (75% & 97.5%) of simulations. In the simulations we account for uncertainty in the number of secondary cases in the absence of air traveller targeted interventions and the arrival times of infected cases and also present sensitivity analyses on arrival rates of infected travellers and the effectiveness of traveller sensitisation. Results: Under baseline assumptions exit and entry screening combined with traveller sensitisation can delay a local SARS-CoV-2 outbreak by at least (75% of simulations: at least 36, 97.5% 8) days while there is no more than infected traveller per week. The benefit of entry screening is small if exit screening is effective: the combination of only exit screening and traveller sensitisation can delay an outbreak by at least (75%: 33, 97.5%: 7) days. With increasing rates of infected travellers, less effective sensitisation or without screening these delays shrink rapidly to a week or less. Conclusion: Syndromic screening and traveller sensitisation in combination could delay outbreaks in yet unaffected countries and support local containment efforts, but only if infected traveller numbers are very low. CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. is the (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	-19.218137741088867	-27.090309143066406	2
Title: Intrinsic growth rules of patients infected, dead and cured with novel coronavirus in mainland China 2. Background An outbreak of a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)-infected pneumonia was first occurred in Wuhan, China, in December and then spread rapidly to other regions. It has been declared that at least one confirmed case infected by SARS-CoV-2 was found in each province of China by late January 2020. We collected the time series data of the cumulative number of confirmed infected, dead, and cured cases from the health commissions in provinces in mainland China. A simple descriptive model in a logistic form was formulated to infer the intrinsic epidemic rules of COVID-19. Furthermore, we compared the intrinsic epidemic rules of COVID-19 in Hubei with that of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in Beijing, which was obtained from the Ministry of Public Health of China in 2003. The feature of data of three population groups in all the provinces could be well captured (R >0.95) by the proposed descriptive model with slight variation among (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	0.037801675498485565	-27.68955421447754	3
Title: Lipidome profiles of postnatal day vaginal swabs reflect fat composition of gilt's. postnatal diet. Running Title. Effect of diet on lipidome of perinatal vagina Summary sentence. Vaginal swab lipidome profiles at h reflect the fat composition of neonatal diet during first two days postnatal.	-21.845439910888672	8.375411987304688	11
Title: Metagenomic Sequencing Detects Respiratory Pathogens in Hematopoietic Cellular Transplant Patients Running Title: mNGS Detects Respiratory Pathogens in HCT Patients. Commentary: Lower respiratory tract infections are a leading cause of death in hematopoietic cellular transplant recipients, but the microbiologic etiology of these infections is frequently unknown. The limits of current diagnostics preclude targeted antimicrobial treatments, resulting in excess morbidity and mortality. Metagenomic next-generation sequencing may enable precision diagnosis of respiratory infections in hematopoietic cellular transplant patients by simultaneously detecting microbial pathogens, transcriptional biomarkers of the host response, and the pulmonary microbiome. This approach may facilitate targeted antimicrobial prescription and provide a new method for distinguishing infectious and non-infectious post-transplant respiratory illness. ABSTRACT RATIONALE: Current microbiologic diagnostics often fail to identify the etiology of lower respiratory tract infections (LRTI) in hematopoietic cellular transplant recipients (HCT), which precludes the implementation of targeted therapies. OBJECTIVES: To address the need for improved LRTI diagnostics, we evaluated the utility of metagenomic next generation sequencing (mNGS) of bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) to detect microbial pathogens in HCT patients with acute respiratory illnesses. METHODS: We enrolled post-HCT adults ages 19-69 years with acute respiratory illnesses who underwent BAL at the University of Michigan between January and May 2013. mNGS was performed on BAL fluid to detect microbes and simultaneously assess the host transcriptional response. Results were compared against conventional microbiologic assays. MEASUREMENTS & MAIN RESULTS: mNGS demonstrated 100% sensitivity for detecting respiratory microbes (human metapneumovirus, respiratory syncytial virus, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, human herpesvirus and cytomegalovirus) when compared to standard testing. Previously unrecognized LRTI pathogens were identified in six patients for whom standard testing was negative (human coronavirus 229E, human rhinovirus A, Corynebacterium propinquum and Streptococcus mitis); findings were confirmed by independent PCR and 16S rRNA sequencing. Relative to patients without infection, patients with infection had increased expression of immunity related genes (p=0.022) and significantly lower diversity of their respiratory microbiome (p=0.017). Compared to conventional diagnostics, mNGS enhanced detection of pathogens in BAL fluid from HCT patients. Furthermore, our results suggest that combining unbiased microbial pathogen detection with assessment of host gene biomarkers of immune response may hold promise for enhancing the diagnosis of post-HCT respiratory infections. Abstract Word Count:	14.894283294677734	-7.552215576171875	7
Title: Modelling the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak on the Diamond Princess ship using. The novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak on the Diamond Princess ship has caused over cases as of February 20, 2020. We model the transmission process on the ship with a stochastic model and estimate the basic reproduction number at 2.2 (95%CI: 2.1−2.4). We estimate a large dispersion parameter than other coronaviruses, which implies that the virus is difficult to go extinction. The epidemic doubling time is at 4.6 days (95%CI: 3.0−9.3), and thus timely actions were crucial. The lesson learnt on the ship is generally applicable in other settings.	-9.282105445861816	-28.994609832763672	3
Title: Novel tetraplex qPCR assays for simultaneous detection and identification of Xylella fastidiosa subspecies in plant tissues. Xylella fastidiosa is an insect-borne bacterium confined to the xylem vessels of plants. This plant pathogen has a broad host range estimated to plant species. Five subspecies of the pathogen with different but overlapping host ranges have been described, but only three subspecies are widely accepted, namely subspecies fastidiosa, multiplex and pauca. Initially limited to the Americas, Xf has been detected in Europe since 2013. As management of X. fastidiosa outbreaks in Europe depends on the identification of the subspecies, accurate determination of the subspecies in infected plants as early as possible is of major interest. Thus, we developed various tetraplex and triplex qPCR assays for Xylella fastidiosa detection and subspecies identification in planta in a single reaction. We designed primers and probes using SkIf, a bioinformatics tool based on k-mers, to detect specific signatures of the species and subspecies from a dataset of genome sequences representative of X. fastidiosa diversity. We tested the qPCR assays on target and non-target strains, as well as on different plant species spiked with strains of the different subspecies of X. fastidiosa, and on samples from various environmental and inoculated host plants. Sensitivity of simplex assays was equal or slightly better than the reference protocol on purified DNA. Tetraplex qPCR assays had the same sensitivity than the reference protocol and allowed X. fastidiosa detection in all spiked matrices up to cells.mL -29 . Moreover, mix infections of two to three subspecies could be detected in the same sample with tetraplex assays. In environmental plant samples, the tetraplex qPCR assays allowed subspecies identification when the current method based on multilocus sequence typing failed. The qPCR assays described here are robust and modular tools that are efficient for differentiating X. fastidiosa subspecies directly in plant samples.	-1.4001414775848389	-8.581052780151367	6
Title: Optimizing diagnostic strategy for novel coronavirus pneumonia, a multi-center study in Eastern China Authors (email addresses): Affiliations: Correspondence to. COVID-19 caused by a novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 emerged in Wuhan, Hubei province since December 2019, and caused a rapid outbreak throughout China and globally. Cities outside Hubei are also facing great challenge and require implementing of effective and feasible strategy in precision diagnosing novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP). We described a multicenter prospective study on diagnostic strategy of suspected NCP patients from January nd to February th , in Eastern China cities. Nasopharyngeal swabs were collected from the patients. The epidemiological characteristics, clinical symptoms, laboratory assessments, and computed tomographic (CT) scans were obtained. Pathogen screen were performed including RT-PCR, multiplex PCR, rapid flu antigen tests and mNGS. We enrolled suspected NCP patients, among whom were laboratory-confirmed. Fourteen (70%) and (15%) patients were positive for the first and second SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR test, respectively. All NCP patients were positive for mNGS. Chest CT images and the symptoms of early stage NCP patients were similar to other viral pneumonia patients. We identified of co-infections in NCP cases, including regular respiratory virus, fungi and bacteria synchronously. Genomic analysis showed that of cases had no mutation in virus genome, while cases had only one single mutation in N gene. Our study discovered that a combination of chest CT, SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR and multi-plex PCR is recommended in regions outside Hubei province. Co-infection of other pathogens with SARS-CoV-2 exists and should be acknowledged. Repeated sampling, change of specimen type or metagenomics sequencing could further facilitate during critical clinical cases.	11.189471244812012	-13.141754150390625	7
Title: Perceptions of the Adult US Population regarding the Novel Coronavirus Outbreak Short title: Perceptions regarding Novel Coronavirus Outbreak. Background: COVID-19 outbreak is spreading globally. Although the risk of infection in	5.483120918273926	-18.808990478515625	1
Title: Probabilistic reconstruction of measles transmission Authors. Pockets of susceptibility resulting from spatial or social heterogeneity in vaccine coverage can drive measles outbreaks, as cases imported into such pockets are likely to cause further transmission and lead to large transmission clusters. Characterising the dynamics of transmission is essential for identifying which individuals and regions might be most at risk. As data from detailed contact tracing investigations are not available in many settings, we combined age, location, genotype, and onset date of cases in order to probabilistically reconstruct the importation status and transmission clusters within a newly developed R package called o2geosocial. We compared our inferred cluster size distributions to transmission clusters identified through detailed contact-tracing in the United States between and 2016. We were able to reconstruct the importation status of the cases and found good agreement between the inferred and reference clusters. The results were improved when the contact-tracing investigations were used to set the importation status before running the model.	-17.002622604370117	-20.346357345581055	2
Title: Protocol of a randomized controlled trial testing inhaled Nitric Oxide in mechanically ventilated patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome in COVID-19 (SARS-CoV-2). Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) due to novel Coronavirus	23.199209213256836	-0.5281299948692322	1
Title: Risk for Transportation of Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) from Wuhan to Cities in China. On January 23, 2020, China quarantined Wuhan to contain an emerging coronavirus . We estimated the probability of transportation of COVID-19 from Wuhan to cities in China before the quarantine. The expected risk is >50% in (95% CI 89-190) cities and >99% in the largest metropolitan areas of China.	0.048431407660245895	-31.412498474121094	3
Title: Risk of disease spillover from dogs to wild carnivores in Kanha Tiger Reserve, India. Running head: Disease spillover from dogs to carnivores. Many mammalian carnivore species have been reduced to small, isolated populations by habitat destruction, fragmentation, poaching, and human conflict. Their limited genetic variability and increased exposure to domestic animals such as dogs place them at risk of further losses from infectious diseases. In India, domestic and feral dogs are associated with villages in and around protected areas, and may serve as reservoirs of pathogens to the carnivores within. India's Kanha Tiger Reserve (KTR) is home to a number of threatened and endangered mammalian carnivores including tiger (Panthera tigris), leopard (Panthera pardus), wolf (Canis lupus), and dhole (Cuon alpinus). It also has more than villages with associated dog populations. We found that dog populations ranged from to 45/village (3.7 to 23.7/km ), and did not vary with village area, human population size, or distance from the KTR's core area, though they all increased between summer and winter 2015, primarily through reproduction. No dog tested positive for rabies but seroprevalence levels to three other generalist viral pathogens were high in summer (N=67) and decreased somewhat by winter (N=168): canine parvovirus (83.6% to 68.4%), canine distemper virus (50.7% to 30.4%) and canine adenovirus (41.8% to 30.9%). The declines in seroprevalence were primarily due to new recruitments by birth and these were not yet exposed to the viruses. Wild carnivores frequently entered the villages, as shown by tracks, scats, kills and other indicators, and the dogs are known to leave the villages so that encounters between dogs and wild carnivores may be common. We conclude that there is a large population of unvaccinated dogs in and around Kanha Tiger Reserve, with high levels of seroprevalence to pathogens with broad host ranges and these dogs which interact with wild carnivores, therefore posing a high risk of disease spillover to the wild carnivores.	0.6178421974182129	-13.545731544494629	10
Title: Serial interval of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) infections Correspondence to. Objective: To estimate the serial interval of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) from information on infector-infectee pairs. We collected dates of illness onset for primary cases (infectors) and Acknowledgments	22.995607376098633	-7.323780536651611	1
Title: The Novel Coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, is Highly Contagious and More Infectious Than Initially Estimated. Main text including references and figure captions: 3,945 author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a recently emerged human pathogen that has spread widely since January 2020. Initially, the basic reproductive number, R0, was estimated to be 2.2 to 2.7. Here we provide a new estimate of this quantity. We collected extensive individual case reports and estimated key epidemiology parameters, including the incubation period. Integrating these estimates and high-resolution real-time human travel and infection data with mathematical models, we estimated that the number of infected individuals during early epidemic double every 2.4 days, and the R0 value is likely to be between 4.7 and 6.6. We further show that quarantine and contact tracing of symptomatic individuals alone may not be effective and early, strong control measures are needed to stop transmission of the virus.	-9.735986709594727	-28.831554412841797	3
Title: The SARS-CoV-2 exerts a distinctive strategy for interacting with the ACE2 human receptor. The COVID-19 disease has plagued over countries and has resulted in over 4,000 deaths within weeks. We compare the interaction between the human ACE2 receptor and the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein with that of other pathogenic coronaviruses using molecular dynamics simulations. SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2, and HCoV-NL63 recognize ACE2 as the natural receptor but present a distinct binding interface to ACE2 and a different network of residue-residue contacts. SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 have comparable binding affinities achieved by balancing energetics and dynamics. The SARS-CoV-2-ACE2 complex contains a higher number of contacts, a larger interface area, and decreased interface residue fluctuations relative to SARS-CoV. These findings expose an exceptional evolutionary exploration exerted by coronaviruses toward host recognition. We postulate that the versatility of cell receptor binding strategies has immediate implications on therapeutic strategies. One Sentence Summary: Molecular dynamics simulations reveal a temporal dimension of coronaviruses interactions with the host receptor.	7.168451309204102	15.269623756408691	4
Title: The impact of persistent bacterial bronchitis on the pulmonary microbiome of. Persistent bacterial bronchitis is a leading cause of chronic wet cough in young children. This study aimed to characterise the respiratory bacterial microbiota of healthy children and to assess the impact of the changes associated with the development of persistent bacterial bronchitis. Blind, protected brushings were obtained from healthy controls and children with persistent bacterial bronchitis, with an additional directed sample obtained from persistent bacterial bronchitis patients. DNA was extracted, quantified using a 16S rRNA gene quantitative PCR assay prior to microbial community analysis by 16S rRNA gene sequencing. No significant difference in bacterial diversity or community composition (R = 0.01, P = 0.36) was observed between paired blind and non-blind brushes, showing that blind brushings are a valid means of accessing the airway microbiota. This has important implications for collecting lower respiratory samples from healthy children. A significant decrease in bacterial diversity (P < 0.001) and change in community composition (R = 0.08, P = 0.004) was observed between controls and patients. Bacterial communities within patients with PBB were dominated by Proteobacteria, and indicator species analysis showed that Haemophilus and Neisseria were significantly associated with the patient group. In (52.9%) cases the dominant organism by sequencing was not identified by standard routine clinical culture. The bacteria present in the lungs of patients with persistent bacterial bronchitis were less diverse in terms of richness and evenness. The results validate the clinical diagnosis, and suggest that more attention to bacterial communities in children with chronic cough may lead to more rapid recognition of this condition with earlier treatment and reduction in disease burden.	16.42984962463379	-7.51663875579834	7
Title: The incubation period of 2019-nCoV infections among travellers from Wuhan, China. Currently, a novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV causes an outbreak of viral pneumonia in Wuhan, China. Little is known about its epidemiological characteristics. Using the travel history and symptom onset of confirmed cases that were detected outside Wuhan, we estimate the mean incubation period to be 6.4 (5.6 -7.7, 95% CI) days, ranging from 2.1 to 11.1 days (2.5 th to 97.5 th percentile). These values help to inform case definitions for 2019-nCoV and appropriate durations for quarantine.	-10.216877937316895	-32.61709976196289	3
Title: Transmission potential of COVID-19 in South Korea. Since the first identified individual of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) infection on Jan 20, in South Korea, the number of confirmed cases rapidly increased. As of Feb 26, 2020, 1,261 cases of COVID-19 including deaths were confirmed in South Korea. Using the incidence data of COVID-19, we estimate the reproduction number at 1.5 (95% CI: 1.4-1.6), which indicates sustained transmission and support the implementation of social distancing measures to rapidly control the outbreak.	-7.62927770614624	-29.10275650024414	3
Title: Viruses are a dominant driver of protein adaptation in mammals. Viruses interact with hundreds to thousands of proteins in mammals, yet adaptation against viruses has only been studied in a few proteins specialized in antiviral defense. Whether adaptation to viruses typically involves only specialized antiviral proteins or affects a broad array of proteins is unknown. Here, we analyze adaptation in ~1,300 virus-interacting proteins manually curated from a set of 9,900 proteins conserved across mammals. We show that viruses (i) use the more evolutionarily constrained proteins from the cellular functions they hijack and that (ii) despite this high constraint, virus-interacting proteins account for a high proportion of all protein adaptation in humans and other mammals. Adaptation is elevated in virus-interacting proteins across all functional categories, including both immune and non-immune functions. Our results demonstrate that viruses are one of the most dominant drivers of evolutionary change across mammalian and human proteomes.	-8.029084205627441	10.089713096618652	8
Tracking progress towards malaria elimination in China: estimates of reproduction numbers and their spatiotemporal variation 3. China reported zero locally-acquired malaria cases in and 2018. Understanding the spatio-9 temporal pattern underlying this decline, especially the relationship between locally-acquired and imported cases, can inform efforts to maintain elimination and prevent re-emergence. This is particularly pertinent in Yunnan province, where the potential for local transmission is highest. Using a geo-located individual-level dataset of cases recorded in Yunnan province between and 2016, we jointly estimate the case reproduction number, , and the number of unobserved sources of infection. We use these estimates within spatio-temporal geostatistical models to map how transmission varied over time and space, estimate the timeline to elimination and the risk of resurgence. Our estimates suggest that, maintaining current intervention efforts, Yunnan is unlikely to experience sustained local transmission up to 2020. However, even with a mean of 0.005 projected for the year 2019, locally-acquired cases are possible due to high levels of importation.	-13.687195777893066	-28.552106857299805	2
Transferrin binding protein B and Transferrin binding protein A expand the transferrin recognition range of Histophilus somni Running title: TbpB and TbpA2 broaden specificity of. The bacterial bipartite transferrin receptor is an iron acquisition system that is required for survival by several key human and animal pathogens. It consists of the TonB-dependent transporter Transferrin binding protein A (TbpA) and the surface lipoprotein Transferrin binding protein B (TbpB). Curiously, the Tbps are only found in host specific pathogens, and are themselves host specific, meaning that they will bind to the transferrin of their host species, but not to those of other animal species. While this phenomenon has long been established, neither the steps in the evolutionary process that led to this exquisite adaptation for the host, nor the steps that could alter it, are known. We sought to gain insight into these processes by studying Tbp specificity in Histophilus somni, a major pathogen of cattle. A past study showed that whole cells of H. somni specifically bind bovine transferrin, but not transferrin from sheep and goats, two bovids whose transferrins share 93% amino acid sequence identity with bovine transferrin. To our surprise, we found that H. somni can use sheep and goat transferrins as iron sources for growth, and that HsTbpB, but not HsTbpA, has detectable affinity for sheep and goat transferrins. Furthermore, a third transferrin binding protein, HsTbpA2, also showed affinity for sheep and goat transferrins. Our results show that H. somni TbpB and TbpA2 act to broaden the host transferrin recognition range of H. somni.	-12.605167388916016	33.00269317626953	12
Transgenic mice expressing tunable levels of DUX4 develop characteristic facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy-like pathophysiology ranging in severity Title: FSHD-like transgenic mouse models of varying severity. Background: All types of facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) are caused by the aberrant myogenic activation of the somatically silent DUX4 gene, which initiates a cascade of cellular events ultimately leading to FSHD pathophysiology. Therefore, FSHD is a dominant gain-of-function disease that is amenable to modeling by DUX4 overexpression. However, there is large variability in the patient population. Typically, progressive skeletal muscle weakness becomes noticeable in the second or third decade of life, yet there are many genetically FSHD individuals who develop symptoms much later in life or remain relatively asymptomatic throughout their lives. Conversely, in rare cases, FSHD may present clinically prior to 5-10 yrs of age, ultimately manifesting as a very severe early onset form of the disease. Thus, there is a need to control the timing and severity of pathology in FSHD-like models. Methods: We have recently described a line of conditional DUX4 transgenic mice, FLExDUX4, that develop a myopathy upon induction of human DUX4-fl expression in skeletal muscle. Here, we use the FLExDUX4 mouse crossed with the skeletal muscle-specific and tamoxifen inducible line ACTA1-MerCreMer to generate a highly versatile bi-transgenic mouse model with chronic, lowlevel DUX4-fl expression and mild pathology, that can be induced to develop more severe FSHD-like pathology in a dose-dependent response to tamoxifen. We identified conditions to reproducibly generate models exhibiting mild, moderate, or severe DUX4-dependent pathophysiology, and characterized their progression. Results: We assayed DUX4-fl mRNA and protein levels, fitness, strength, global gene expression, histopathology, and immune response, all of which are consistent with an FSHD-like myopathic phenotype. Importantly, we identified sex-specific and muscle-specific differences that should be considered when using these models for preclinical studies. Conclusions: The ACTA1-MCM;FLExDUX4 bi-transgenic mouse model expresses a chronic low level of DUX4-fl and has mild pathology and detectable muscle weakness. The onset and progression of moderate to severe pathology can be controlled via tamoxifen injection to provide consistent and readily screenable phenotypes for assessing therapies targeting DUX4-fl mRNA and protein. Thus, these FSHD-like mouse models can be used to study a range of DUX4-fl expression and pathology dependent upon investigator need, through controlled mosaic expression of DUX4. In addition to the complex genetic and epigenetic conditions that are required to develop clinical FSHD, the pathogenic mechanism is also unusual among neuromuscular diseases. While FSHD is an autosomal dominant gain-of-function disease, the pathogenic DUX4 gene is typically expressed in only a small fraction (<1%) of myocytes, ultimately leading to debilitating muscle pathology over time [8, 16, 26]. This may account in part for the more common adult onset of clinical symptoms in FSHD patients [27, 28] . In addition, it appears that FSHD pathology is caused by sporadic bursts of increased DUX4-fl expression in differentiated myocytes, which are epigenetically suppressed in healthy and asymptomatic subjects [9, 19, 29] . Since these cells are syncytial, the detrimental effects of aberrant DUX4-FL expression may be found throughout an FSHD myofiber despite expression initially being restricted to a small percentage of myonuclei at any one time [26]. Regardless, DUX4-fl expression in FSHD myocytes and skeletal muscle, even when bursting, is still extremely rare, highly variable, and difficult to detect [8, 16, 19] . Since DUX4-FL is a transcription factor not typically expressed in healthy muscle, its aberrant expression alters the mRNA profiles of numerous genes in myocytes [24, 30, 31] . Many of these DUX4 target genes, including germline specific genes, cleavage stage genes, and immune system regulators, are not normally expressed in healthy myogenic cells [22, 24, 30, ]. In addition, DUX4-FL expression ultimately initiates a cascade of numerous potentially detrimental events including the disruption of proteostasis, nonsense-mediated decay, and mRNA splicing mechanisms [19, 32, 33] , altered myogenesis [34, 35] , and induction of apoptosis [19, [36] [37] [38] . These DUX4-mediated changes, either alone or in combination, lead to progressive muscle cell death and ultimately pathology [10, 18] . Thus, the DUX4-fl mRNA and protein are prime targets for therapeutic intervention, and animal models for FSHD should be based on DUX4-fl expression in adult skeletal muscle. We have previously reported the generation of the FLExDUX4 (FLExD) conditional DUX4-fl transgenic line of mice, which contains a DUX4 transgene engineered into the Rosa26 locus using the FLEx directional switch system [39, 40] to bypass the embryonic lethality from leaky embryonic expression of this transgene [41] . Upon Cre-mediated induction, the transgene recombines to express DUX4-fl under control of the Rosa26 gene promoter ( Figure 1A ). Importantly, since many elements within DUX4 are prime targets for sequence-based therapies [42] [43] [44] [45] , the DUX4 transgene maintains the exon/intron structure of the endogenous human gene, Male ACTA1-MCM mice were crossed with female Rosa26 NZG mice to assess induction of Cremediated recombination using our TMX dosage regimens. Control or bi-transgenic mice were treated with TMX, as above. Whole gastrocnemius muscles were fixed in LacZ fixative (0.2%	-3.6324474811553955	36.38909912109375	11
Transient Oligomerization of the SARS-CoV N Protein -Implication for Virus Ribonucleoprotein Packaging. The nucleocapsid (N) phosphoprotein of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) packages the viral genome into a helical ribonucleocapsid and plays a fundamental role during viral self-assembly. The N protein consists of two structural domains interspersed between intrinsically disordered regions and dimerizes through the C-terminal structural domain (CTD). A key activity of the protein is the ability to oligomerize during capsid formation by utilizing the dimer as a building block, but the structural and mechanistic bases of this activity are not well understood. By disulfide trapping technique we measured the amount of transient oligomers of N protein mutants with strategically located cysteine residues and showed that CTD acts as a primary transient oligomerization domain in solution. The data is consistent with the helical oligomer packing model of N protein observed in crystal. A systematic study of the oligomerization behavior revealed that altering the intermolecular electrostatic repulsion through changes in solution salt concentration or phosphorylation-mimicking mutations affects oligomerization propensity. We propose a biophysical mechanism where electrostatic repulsion acts as a switch to regulate N protein oligomerization.	-9.03203296661377	23.16615104675293	12
Translational profiling of macrophages infected with Leishmania donovani identifies mTOR-and eIF4A-sensitive immune-related transcripts. The protozoan parasite Leishmania donovani (L. donovani) causes visceral leishmaniasis, a chronic infection which is fatal when untreated. While previous studies showed that L. donovani reprograms transcription to subvert host cell functions, it remains unclear whether the parasite also alters host mRNA translation to establish a successful infection. To assess this, we compared transcriptome-wide translation in primary mouse macrophages infected with L. donovani promastigotes or amastigotes using polysome-profiling. This identified ample selective changes in translation (3,127 transcripts) which were predicted to target central cellular functions by inducing synthesis of proteins related to chromatin remodeling and RNA metabolism while inhibiting those related to intracellular trafficking and antigen presentation. Parallel quantification of protein and mRNA levels for a set of transcripts whose translation was activated upon L. donovani infection (Papbpc1, Eif2ak2, and Tgfb) confirmed, as indicated by polysome-profiling, increased protein levels despite largely unaltered mRNA levels. Mechanistic in silico analyses suggested activated translation depending on the kinase mTOR (e.g. Pabpc1) and the RNA helicase eIF4A (e.g. Tgfb) during infection. Accordingly, treatment with mTOR inhibitors torin-1 or rapamycin reversed L. donovani-induced PABPC1 without affecting corresponding transcript levels. Similarly, the production of TGF-β decreased in presence of the eIF4A inhibitor silvestrol despite unaltered Tgfb mRNA levels. Consistent with parasite modulation of host eIF4A-sensitive translation to promote infection, silvestrol suppressed L. donovani replication within macrophages. In contrast, parasite survival was favored under mTOR inhibition. In summary, infection-associated changes in translation of mTOR-and eIF4A-44 sensitive mRNAs contribute to modulate mRNA metabolism and immune responses in L. donovani-infected macrophages. Although the net outcome of such translation programs favours . CC-BY 4.0 : bioRxiv preprint Author Summary Fine-tuning the efficiency of mRNA translation into proteins allows cells to tailor their responses to stress without the need for synthesizing new mRNA molecules. It is well established that the protozoan parasite Leishmania donovani alters transcription of specific genes to subvert host cell functions. However, discrepancies between transcriptomic and proteomic data suggest that post-53 transcriptional regulatory mechanisms also contribute to modulate host gene expression programs during L. donovani infection. Herein, we report that one third of protein-coding mRNAs expressed in macrophages are differentially translated upon infection with L. donovani. Our computational analyses reveal that subsets of mRNAs encoding functionally related proteins share the same directionality of translational regulation, which is likely to impact metabolic and microbicidal activity of infected cells. We also show that upregulated translation of transcripts that encode central regulators of mRNA metabolism and inflammation is sensitive to the activation of mTOR or eIF4A during infection. Finally, we observe that inhibition of eIF4A activity reduces parasite survival within macrophages while selective blockade of mTOR has the opposite effect. Thus, our study points to a dual role for translational control of host gene expression during L. donovani infection and suggests that novel regulatory nodes could be targeted for therapeutic intervention. : bioRxiv preprint Visceral leishmaniasis (VL) is a vector-borne infection caused by protozoan parasites of the Leishmania donovani (L. donovani) complex. VL is endemic in more than countries and is frequently lethal if untreated (1). The lack of efficient vaccines and the failure to control emerging parasite resistance reflect the urgent need to design safe and efficient therapeutics targeting host-encoded factors (2). In mammalian hosts, Leishmania promastigotes preferentially colonize macrophages, where they transform into replicative amastigotes that proliferate within modified phagolysosomes (1). To establish a successful infection, the parasite dampens antimicrobial responses, alters vesicle trafficking, and subverts immunomodulatory functions and metabolic processes of the host cell (3). At the molecular level, L. donovani modulates the activity of multiple host cell signaling pathways and transcription factors (3). Consistently, profiling of mRNA levels in L. donovani-78 infected macrophages revealed vast perturbation in host gene expression programs associated with parasite persistence (4-8). The pioneering data supporting widespread changes in host cell mRNA levels following L. donovani infection were obtained in bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMDMs) using cDNA-microarrays (4). This study showed that L. donovani axenic amastigotes downregulate expression of genes involved in apoptosis and NF-κB signaling while stimulating those encoding monocyte chemoattractants. Subsequently, DNA-microarray based studies of human and mouse monocyte-derived macrophages infected with L. donovani promastigotes identified increased levels of transcripts related to cell migration and repression of genes encoding MHC class II molecules (5, 6). More recently, RNA sequencing (RNAseq) of mouse peritoneal macrophages infected with L. donovani showed a strong suppression of genes . CC-BY 4.0	6.696756362915039	33.137393951416016	0
Transmissible gastroenteritis virus infection decreases arginine uptake by downregulating CAT-1 expression. Transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) is a coronavirus that causes severe diarrhea in suckling piglets. TGEV primarily targets and infects porcine intestinal epithelial cells, which play an important role in nutrient absorption. However, the effects of TGEV infection on nutrient absorption in swine have not yet been investigated. In this study, we evaluated the impact of TGEV infection on arginine uptake using the porcine small intestinal epithelial cell line IPEC-J2 as a model system. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analyses showed that TGEV infection leads to reduced arginine uptake at hours post-infection (hpi). Expression of cationic amino acid transporter (CAT-1) was attenuated as well. TGEV infection induced activation of phospho-protein kinase C α (p-PKC α), phospho-epidermal growth factor receptor (p-EGFR), and enhanced the expression of caveolin-1, all of which appear to be involved in down-regulating arginine uptake and CAT-1 expression. These results illuminate the relationship between TGEV infection and nutrient absorption, and further our understanding of the mechanisms of TGEV infection. © The Author(s) 2018. This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License iveco mmons .org/licen ses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made. The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver	-3.303152561187744	43.82059860229492	0
Transmission Dynamics of 2019-nCoV in Malaysia. This paper focuses on the formulation of a deterministic 2019-nCov transmission model by considering the exposed and recovered populations with immunity. The scenario of the simulation is depicted based on the patient zero in Malaysia. The transmission model is found to be able to predict the next confirmed case given a single case introduced in a fully susceptible population. The mathematical model is developed based on the SEIR model which has susceptible, exposed, infectious and recovered populations. The system of equations which were obtained were solved numerically and the simulation results were analyzed. The analysis includes the impact of the disease if no control is taken.	-9.492731094360352	-17.37398338317871	3
Transmission and clinical characteristics of coronavirus disease in outside-Wuhan patients, China. Cases with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) emigrated from Wuhan escalated the risk of spreading in other cities. This report focused on the outside-Wuhan patients to assess the transmission and clinical characteristics of this illness. Contact investigation was conducted on each patient who admitted to the assigned hospitals in Hunan Province (geographically adjacent to Wuhan) from Jan 22, to Feb 12, 2020. Demographic, clinical, laboratory and radiological characteristics, medication therapy and outcomes were collected and analyzed. Patients were confirmed by PCR test. Of the patients, (46.15%) were imported cases and (53.85%) were indigenous cases; (89.42%) had a definite contact history with infections. Family clusters were the major body of patients. Transmission along the chain of "generations" was observed. Mean age was (rang, 8-84) years (including children) and (47.12%) were male. Most patients had typical symptoms, asymptomatic infections were found and of them infected their relatives. The median incubation period was (rang, 1-32) days, of patients ranged from to days. Just of severe patients required ICU care. Until Feb 12, 2020, (38.46%) discharged and (0.96%) died. For the antiviral treatment, (76.92%) patients received traditional Chinese medicine therapy. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	16.60553741455078	-18.78053855895996	7
Transmission and epidemiological characteristics of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infected Pneumonia (COVID-19): preliminary evidence obtained in comparison with 2003-SARS. [Abstract] Objectives Latest epidemic data of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infected Pneumonia (COVID-19) was collected and a detailed statistical analysis was carried out to make comparison with 2003-SARS in order to provide scientific reference for the prevention and control of COVID-19. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	10.100324630737305	-7.197383403778076	1
Transmission interval estimates suggest pre-symptomatic spread of COVID-19. Background: As the COVID-19 epidemic is spreading, incoming data allows us to quantify values of key variables that determine the transmission and the effort required to control the epidemic. We determine the incubation period and serial interval distribution for transmission clusters in Singapore and in Tianjin. We infer the basic reproduction number and identify the extent of pre-symptomatic transmission. Methods: We collected outbreak information from Singapore and Tianjin, China, reported from Jan.19-Feb.26 and Jan.21-Feb.27, respectively. We estimated incubation periods and serial intervals in both populations. Results: The mean incubation period was 7.1 (6.13, 8.25) days for Singapore and (7.92, 10.2) days for Tianjin. Both datasets had shorter incubation periods for earlier-occurring cases. The mean serial interval was 4.56 (2.69, 6.42) days for Singapore and 4.22 (3.43, 5.01) for Tianjin. We inferred that early in the outbreaks, infection was transmitted on average 2.55 and 2.89 days before symptom onset (Singapore, Tianjin). The estimated basic reproduction number for Singapore was 1.97 (1.45, 2.48) secondary cases per infective; for Tianjin it was 1.87 (1.65, 2.09) secondary cases per infective. Conclusions: Estimated serial intervals are shorter than incubation periods in both Singapore and Tianjin, suggesting that pre-symptomatic transmission is occurring. Shorter serial intervals lead to lower estimates of R0, which suggest that half of all secondary infections should be prevented to control spread.	-10.74110221862793	-33.47957992553711	3
Transmission of corona virus disease during the incubation period may lead to a quarantine loophole. The ongoing outbreak of novel corona virus disease in Wuhan, China, is arousing international concern. This study evaluated whether and when the infected but asymptomatic cases during the incubation period could infect others. We collected data on demographic characteristics, exposure history, and symptom onset day of the confirmed cases, which had been announced by the Chinese local authorities. We evaluated the potential of transmission during the incubation period in infection clusters, including cases. All the secondary cases had a history of contact with their first-generation cases prior to symptom onset. The estimated mean incubation period for COVID-19 was 4.9 days (95% confidence interval [CI], 4.4 to 5.4) days, ranging from 0.8 to 11.1 days (2.5th to 97.5th percentile). The observed mean and standard deviation (SD) of serial interval was 4.1±3.3 days, with the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles at -1 and days. The infectious curve showed that in 73.0% of the secondary cases, their date of getting infected was before symptom onset of the first-generation cases, particularly in the last three days of the incubation period. The results indicated the transmission of COVID-9 occurs among close contacts during the incubation period, which may lead to a quarantine loophole. Strong and effective countermeasures should be implemented to prevent or mitigate asymptomatic transmission during the incubation period in populations at high risk.	-10.897294044494629	-32.29881286621094	2
Transmission of human-associated microbiota along family and social networks Authors: 3. The human microbiome, described as an accessory organ because of the crucial functions it provides, is composed of species that are uniquely found in humans 1,2 . Yet, surprisingly little is known about the impact of routine interpersonal contacts in shaping microbiome composition. In a relatively 'closed' cohort of people from the Fiji Islands, where common barriers to bacterial transmission are absent, we examine putative bacterial transmission in individuals' gut and oral microbiomes using strain-28 level data from both core SNPs and flexible genomic regions. We find a weak signal of transmission, defined by the inferred sharing of genotypes, across many organisms that, in aggregate, reveals strong transmission patterns, most notably within households and between spouses. We find that women harbor strains more closely related to those harbored by their familial and social contacts than men; and that transmission patterns of oral-and gut-associated microbiota need not be the same. Using strain-level data alone, we are able to confidently predict a subset of spouses, highlighting the role of shared susceptibilities, behaviors or social interactions that distinguish specific links in the social network.	-6.036006927490234	6.8491387367248535	5
Transmission potential of COVID-19 in Iran 1. n=50; Word limit = We computed reproduction number of COVID-19 epidemic in Iran using two different methods. We estimated R0 at 3.6 (95% CI, 3.2, 4.2) (generalized growth model) and at 3.58 (95% CI, 1.29, 8.46) (estimated epidemic doubling time of 1.20 (95% CI, 1.05, 1.44) days) respectively. Immediate social distancing measures are recommended.	-7.32461404800415	-36.44624710083008	9
Transmission potential of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) onboard the Diamond Princess Cruises Ship, 2020. An outbreak of COVID-19 developed aboard the Princess Cruises Ship during January-February 2020. Using mathematical modeling and time-series incidence data describing the trajectory of the outbreak among passengers and crew members, we characterize how the transmission potential varied over the course of the outbreak. Our estimate of the mean reproduction number in the confined setting reached values as high as ~11, which is higher than mean estimates reported from community-level transmission dynamics in China and Singapore (approximate range: 1.1-7). Our findings suggest that R t decreased substantially compared to values during the early phase after the Japanese government implemented an enhanced quarantine control. Most recent estimates of R t reached values largely below the epidemic threshold, indicating that a secondary outbreak of the novel coronavirus was unlikely to occur aboard the Diamond Princess Ship.	-10.160571098327637	-27.606956481933594	2
Traveller screening is being used to limit further global spread of novel coronavirus (nCoV) following its recent emergence. Here, we project the impact of different travel screening programs given remaining uncertainty around the values of key nCoV life history and epidemiological parameters. Even under best-case assumptions, we estimate that screening will miss more than half of infected travellers. Breaking down the factors leading to screening successes and failures, we find that most cases missed by screening are fundamentally undetectable, because they have not yet developed symptoms and are unaware they were exposed. These findings emphasize the need for measures to track travellers who become ill after being missed by a travel screening program. We make our model available for interactive use so stakeholders can explore scenarios of interest using the most up-to-date information. We hope these findings contribute to evidence-based policy to combat the spread of nCoV, and to prospective planning to mitigate future emerging pathogens.	-20.186784744262695	-21.82160186767578	2
Treatment of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome with a combination of lopinavir- ritonavir and interferon-β1b (MIRACLE trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial. Background: It had been more than years since the first case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus infection (MERS-CoV) was recorded, but no specific treatment has been investigated in randomized clinical trials. Results from in vitro and animal studies suggest that a combination of lopinavir/ritonavir and interferon-β1b (IFN-β1b) may be effective against MERS-CoV. The aim of this study is to investigate the efficacy of treatment with a combination of lopinavir/ritonavir and recombinant IFN-β1b provided with standard supportive care, compared to treatment with placebo provided with standard supportive care in patients with laboratory-confirmed MERS requiring hospital admission. The protocol is prepared in accordance with the SPIRIT (Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Interventional Trials) guidelines. Hospitalized adult patients with laboratory-confirmed MERS will be enrolled in this recursive, two-stage, group sequential, multicenter, placebo-controlled, double-blind randomized controlled trial. The trial is initially designed to include two-stage components. The first two-stage component is designed to adjust sample size and determine futility stopping, but not efficacy stopping. The second two-stage component is designed to determine efficacy stopping and possibly readjustment of sample size. The primary outcome is 90-day mortality.	15.798141479492188	-28.68100929260254	7
Trends in Transmissibility of Novel Coronavirus-infected Pneumonia in Wuhan and Provinces in China. Background The novel coronavirus infected pneumonia (COVID-19) represents a significant public health threat. The COVID-19 emerged in December in Wuhan, China and rapidly spread to other regions and countries. The variation in transmission patterns and disease spread in regard to time or among different locations, partially reflecting the public health intervention effects, remains to be quantified. As most transmissibility-related epidemic parameters are unknown, we sought, with minimal assumptions, to estimate real-time transmissibility and forecast new cases using dynamic modelling. Methods Using the cases reported from the National Health Commission of China and transportation data, including the total number of travelling hours through railway, airplane, and car outbound from Wuhan, we have built a time-series model to estimate real-time underlying transmission rates of newly generated cases sequentially from in Wuhan, Hubei province and other provinces in China. We quantified the instantaneous transmission rate and relative reproduction number (R t ) of COVID-19, and evaluated whether public health intervention affected the case transmissibility in each province. Based on the current estimates, we have predicted the trend of disease spread with a high level of certainty. Findings We estimated that R t declined from the range of to towards	-3.821638822555542	-28.822429656982422	3
Trypsin treatment unlocks barrier for zoonotic coronaviruses infection. Running Title: Trypsin unlocks barrier for zoonotic CoV infection. Traditionally, the emergence of coronaviruses (CoVs) has been attributed to a gain in receptor binding in a new host. Our previous work with SARS-like viruses argued that bats already harbor CoVs with the ability to infect humans without adaptation. These results suggested that additional barriers limit the emergence of zoonotic CoV. In this work, we describe overcoming host restriction of two MERS-like bat CoVs using exogenous protease treatment. We found that the spike protein of PDF2180-CoV, a MERS-like virus found in a Ugandan bat, could mediate infection of Vero and human cells in the presence of exogenous trypsin. We subsequently show that the bat virus spike can mediate infection of human gut cells, but is unable to infect human lung cells. Using receptor-blocking antibodies, we show that infection with the PDF2180 spike does not require MERS-CoV receptor DPP4 and antibodies developed against the MERS spike receptor-binding domain and S2 portion are ineffective in neutralizing the PDF2180 chimera. Finally, we found that addition of exogenous trypsin also rescues replication of HKU5-CoV, a second MERS-like group 2c CoV. Together, these results indicate that proteolytic cleavage of the spike, not receptor binding, is the primary infection barrier for these two group 2c CoVs. Coupled with receptor binding, proteolytic activation offers a new parameter to evaluate emergence potential of CoVs and offer a means to recover previously unrecoverable zoonotic CoV strains. Importance Overall, our studies demonstrate that proteolytic cleavage is the primary barrier to infection for a subset of zoonotic coronaviruses. Moving forward, the results argue that both receptor binding and proteolytic cleavage of the spike are critical factors that must be considered for evaluating the emergence potential and risk posed by zoonotic coronaviruses. In addition, the findings also offer a novel means to recover previously uncultivable zoonotic coronavirus strains and argue that other tissues, including the digestive tract, could be a site for future coronavirus emergence events in humans.	9.421634674072266	21.170181274414062	4
Tuning antiviral CD8 T-cell response via proline-altered peptide ligand vaccination. Viral escape from CD8 + cytotoxic T lymphocyte responses correlates with disease progression and represents a significant challenge for vaccination. Here, we demonstrate that CD8 + T cell recognition of the naturally occurring MHC-I-restricted LCMV-associated immune escape variant T cell epitope associated with impaired peptide processing TEIPP .	9.768270492553711	39.69594192504883	0
Two Novel Parvoviruses in Frugivorous New and Old World Bats. Bats, a globally distributed group of mammals with high ecological importance, are increasingly recognized as natural reservoir hosts for viral agents of significance to human and animal health. In the present study, we evaluated pools of blood samples obtained from two phylogenetically distant bat families, in particular from flying foxes (Pteropodidae), Eidolon helvum in West Africa, and from two species of New World leaf-nosed fruit bats (Phyllostomidae), Artibeus jamaicensis and Artibeus lituratus in Central America. A sequence-independent virus discovery technique (VIDISCA) was used in combination with high throughput sequencing to detect two novel parvoviruses: a PARV4-like virus named Eh-BtPV-1 in Eidolon helvum from Ghana and the first member of a putative new genus in Artibeus jamaicensis from Panama (Aj-BtPV-1). Those viruses were circulating in the corresponding bat colony at rates of 7-8%. Aj-BtPV-1 was also found in Artibeus lituratus (5.5%). Both viruses were detected in the blood of infected animals at high concentrations: up to 10E8 and to 10E10 copies/ml for Aj-BtPV-1 and Eh-BtPV-1 respectively. Eh-BtPV-1 was additionally detected in all organs collected from bats (brain, lungs, liver, spleen, kidneys and intestine) and spleen and kidneys were identified as the most likely sites where viral replication takes place. Our study shows that bat parvoviruses share common ancestors with known parvoviruses of humans and livestock. We also provide evidence that a variety of Parvovirinae are able to cause active infection in bats and that they are widely distributed in these animals with different geographic origin, ecologies and climatic ranges.	11.164173126220703	-0.24273525178432465	10
Ultrasensitive haptoglobin biomarker detection based on amplified chemiluminescence of magnetite nanoparticles. Background: Haptoglobin is an acute-phase protein used as predicting diagnostic biomarker both in humans (i.e., diabetes, ovarian cancer, some neurological and cardiovascular disorders) and in animals (e.g., bovine mastitis). The latter is a frequent disease of dairy industry with staggering economical losses upon decreased milk production and increased health care costs. Early stage diagnosis of the associated diseases or inflammation onset is almost impossible by conventional analytical manners. The present study demonstrates a simple, rapid, and cost-effective label-free chemiluminescence bioassay based on magnetite nanoparticles (MNPs) for sensitive detection of haptoglobin by employing the specific interaction of hemoglobin-modified MNPs. The resulting haptoglobin-hemoglobin complex inhibits the peroxidase-like activity of luminol/H O -hemoglobin-MNPs sensing scheme and reduces the chemiluminescence intensities correspondingly to the innate haptoglobin concentrations. Quantitative detection of bovine haptoglobin was obtained within the range of pg mL −1 to µg mL −1 , while presenting 0.89 pg mL −1 limit of detection. Moreover, the influence of causative pathogenic bacteria (i.e., Streptococcus dysgalactiae and Escherichia coli) and somatic cell counts (depicting healthy, sub-clinical and clinical mastitis) on the emitted chemiluminescence radiation were established. The presented bioassay quantitative performances correspond with a standardized assay kit in differentiating dissimilar milk qualities. Overall, the main advantage of the presented sensing concept is the ability to detect haptoglobin, at clinically relevant concentrations within real milk samples for early bio-diagnostic detection of mastitis and hence adjusting the precise treatment, potentially initiating a positive influence on animals' individual health and hence on dairy farms economy.	-2.692655563354492	-6.719546794891357	11
Understanding Epidemic Data and Statistics: A case study of COVID-19. The 2019-Novel-Coronavirus (COVID-19) has affected countries and out of more than 118,000 confirmed cases. Understanding the transmission dynamics of the infection in each country which affected on a daily basis and evaluating the effectiveness of control policies is critical for our further actions. To date, the statistics of COVID-10 reported cases show more than percent of infected had a mild case of disease, while around percent of infected experienced a severe one and about percent are categorized as critical disease victims. Today's report (2020-03-12; daily updates in the prepared website) shows the confirmed cases of COVID-19 in China, South Korea, Italy, and Iran are 80932, 7869, and 10075; respectively. Calculating the total Case Fatality Rate (CFR) of Italy (2020-03-04), about 7.9% of confirmed cases passed away. Compared to South Korea's rate of 0.76% (10% lower than Italy) and China's 3.8% (50% lower than Italy), the CFR of Italy is too high. There are some effective policies that yield significant changes in the trend of cases. The lockdown policy in china and Italy (the effect observed after days), Shutdown of all non-essential companies in Hubei (the effect observed after days), combined policy in South Korea and reducing working hours in Iran.	-5.355741024017334	-30.860734939575195	3
Understanding the present status and forecasting of COVID-19 in Wuhan. The present status of COVID-19 is analyzed and the end of the disease is forecasted.	-0.786115825176239	-22.580366134643555	3
Unique Epitopes Recognized by Antibodies Induced in Chikungunya Virus-Infected Non-Human Primates: Implications for the Study of Immunopathology and Vaccine Development. Alphavirus that causes chronic and incapacitating arthralgia in humans. Although patient cohort studies have shown the production of CHIKV specific antibodies, the fine specificity of the antibody response against CHIKV is not completely defined. The macaque model of CHIKV infection was established due to limitations of clinical specimens. More importantly, its close relation to humans will allow the study of chronic infection and further identify important CHIKV targets. In this study, serum samples from CHIKV-infected macaques collected at different time-points post infection were used to characterize the antibody production pattern and kinetics. Results revealed that anti-CHIKV antibodies were neutralizing and the E2 glycoprotein, Capsid, nsP1, nsP3 and nsP4 proteins were targets of the anti-CHIKV antibody response in macaques. Furthermore, linear B-cell epitopes recognized by these anti-CHIKV antibodies were identified, and mapped to their structural localization. This characterizes the specificity of anti-CHIKV antibody response in macaques and further demonstrates the importance of the different regions in CHIKV-encoded proteins in the adaptive immune response. Information from this study provides critical knowledge that will aid in the understanding of CHIKV infection and immunity, vaccine design, and pre-clinical efficacy studies.	19.079620361328125	19.8897705078125	10
Using Digital Surveillance Tools for Near Real-Time Mapping of the Risk of International Infectious Disease Spread: Ebola as a Case Study. In our increasingly interconnected world, it is crucial to understand the risk of an outbreak originating in one country or region and spreading to the rest of the world. Digital disease surveillance tools such as ProMED and HealthMap have the potential to serve as important early warning systems as well as complement the field surveillance during an ongoing outbreak. Here we present a flexible statistical model that uses data produced from digital surveillance tools (ProMED and HealthMap) to forecast short term incidence trends in a spatially explicit manner. The model was applied to data collected by ProMED and HealthMap during the 2013-2016 West African Ebola epidemic. The model was able to predict each instance of international spread to weeks in advance. Our study highlights the potential and limitations of using publicly available digital surveillance data for assessing outbreak dynamics in real-time.	-21.272062301635742	-21.367168426513672	2
Using Support Vector Machine and Evolutionary Profiles to Predict Antifreeze Protein Sequences. Antifreeze proteins (AFPs) are ice-binding proteins. Accurate identification of new AFPs is important in understanding ice-protein interactions and creating novel ice-binding domains in other proteins. In this paper, an accurate method, called AFP_PSSM, has been developed for predicting antifreeze proteins using a support vector machine (SVM) and position specific scoring matrix (PSSM) profiles. This is the first study in which evolutionary information in the form of PSSM profiles has been successfully used for predicting antifreeze proteins. Tested by 10-fold cross validation and independent test, the accuracy of the proposed method reaches 82.67% for the training dataset and 93.01% for the testing dataset, respectively. These results indicate that our predictor is a useful tool for predicting antifreeze proteins. A web server (AFP_PSSM) that implements the proposed predictor is freely available.	-14.396567344665527	0.5816433429718018	6
Using heterogeneity in the population structure of U.S. swine farms to compare transmission models for porcine epidemic diarrhoea. In 2013, U.S. swine producers were confronted with the disruptive emergence of porcine epidemic diarrhoea (PED). Movement of animals among farms is hypothesised to have played a role in the spread of PED among farms. Via this or other mechanisms, the rate of spread may also depend on the geographic density of farms and climate. To evaluate such effects on a large scale, we analyse state-level counts of outbreaks with variables describing the distribution of farm sizes and types, aggregate flows of animals among farms, and an index of climate. Our first main finding is that it is possible for a correlation analysis to be sensitive to transmission model parameters. This finding is based on a global sensitivity analysis of correlations on simulated data that included a biased and noisy observation model based on the available PED data. Our second main finding is that flows are significantly associated with the reports of PED outbreaks. This finding is based on correlations of pairwise relationships and regression modeling of total and weekly outbreak counts. These findings illustrate how variation in population structure may be employed along with observational data to improve understanding of disease spread. together produce percent of the U.S. pig crop. Farms experiencing outbreaks have suffered percent and higher losses of . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a	-15.467259407043457	-20.389245986938477	2
Using pan RNA-seq analysis to reveal the ubiquitous existence of 5' end and 3' end small RNAs. In this study, we used pan RNA-seq analysis to reveal the ubiquitous existence of 5' end and 3' end small RNAs. 5' and 3' sRNAs alone can be used to annotate mitochondrial with 1-bp resolution and nuclear non-coding genes and identify new steady-state RNAs, which are usually from functional genes. Using 5', 3' and intronic sRNAs, we revealed that the enzymatic dsRNA cleavage and RNAi could involve in the RNA degradation and gene expression regulation of U1 snRNA in human. The further study of 5', 3' and intronic sRNAs help rediscover double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) cleavage, RNA interference (RNAi) and the regulation of gene expression, which challenges the classical theories. In this study, we provided a simple and cost effective way for the annotation of mitochondrial and nuclear non-coding genes and the identification of new steady-state RNAs, particularly long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs). We also provided a different point of view for cancer and virus, based on the new discoveries of dsRNA cleavage, RNAi and the regulation of gene expression.	-13.267300605773926	17.324874877929688	8
Utility of bronchoalveolar lavage in the management of immunocompromised patients presenting with lung infiltrates. Background: Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) is utilized for diagnosing lung infiltrates in immunocompromised. There is heterogeneity in the data and reported diagnostic yields range from to 69%. Therefore, selection criteria for BAL to maximize yield and minimize complications are unclear. Objectives of this study were to determine the diagnostic yield and complication rate of BAL in immunocompromised patients presenting with lung infiltrates, and identify factors impacting these outcomes. Exploratory aims included characterization of pathogens, rate of treatment modification and mortality. Methods: Retrospective study from January to December 2016. Patients on mechanical ventilation were excluded. Positive diagnostic yield was defined as confirmed microbiological or cytological diagnosis. Results: A total of patients were recruited (70.1% male and mean age: 51.7 ± 14.6 years). Diagnostic yield was 60.8% and complication rate 14.7%. Complications (hypoxemia and endobronchial bleeding) were all sell-limiting. Treatment modification based on BAL results was 63.3%. In 97.0% an infectious aetiology was identified. HIV infection (OR 5.304, 95% CI 1.611-17.458, p = 0.006) and severe neutropenia (OR 4.253, 95% CI 1.288-14.045, p = 0. 018) were associated with positive yield. Leukemia (OR 0.317, 95% CI 0.102-0.982, p = 0.047) was associated with lower yield. No factors impacted complication rate. Overall mortality (90-day) was 17.5% and in those with hematologic malignancy, it was 28.3%. Conclusion: BAL retains utility in diagnosis of immunocompromised patients with lung infiltrates. However, patients with hematologic malignancy have a high mortality and alternative sampling should be considered because of poor results with BAL. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01374542. Registered June 16, 2011.	18.68345069885254	-22.722354888916016	9
Utilize State Transition Matrix Model to Predict the Novel Corona Virus Infection Peak and Patient Distribution. Background: Since December 2019, a pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has broken out in Wuhan, Hubei province, China. The continuous rising of infected cases has imposed overwhelming pressure on public health decision and medical resource allocation in China. We managed to forecast the infection peak time in Hubei province and the severe and critical case distribution.	1.3966647386550903	-27.34316635131836	3
VADR: validation and annotation of virus sequence submissions to GenBank. Background: GenBank contains over million viral sequences. The National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) previously made available a tool for validating and annotating influenza virus sequences that is used to check submissions to GenBank. Before this project, there was no analogous tool in use for non-influenza viral sequence submissions. Results: We developed a system called VADR (Viral Annotation DefineR) that validates and annotates viral sequences in GenBank submissions. The annotation system is based on analysis of the input nucleotide sequence using models built from curated RefSeqs. Hidden Markov models are used to classify sequences by determining the RefSeq they are most similar to, and feature annotation from the RefSeq is mapped based on a nucleotide alignment of the full sequence to a covariance model. Predicted proteins encoded by the sequence are validated with nucleotide-to-protein alignments using BLAST. The system identifies types of "alerts" that (unlike the previous BLAST-based system) provide deterministic and rigorous feedback to researchers who submit sequences with unexpected characteristics. VADR has been integrated into GenBank's submission processing pipeline allowing for viral submissions passing all tests to be accepted and annotated automatically, without the need for any human (GenBank indexer) intervention. Unlike the previous submission-checking system, VADR is freely available for local installation and use. VADR has been used for Norovirus submissions since May and for Dengue virus submissions since January 2019. Other viruses with high numbers of submissions will be added incrementally. Conclusion: VADR improves the speed with which non-flu virus submissions to GenBank can be checked and improves the content and quality of the GenBank annotations. The availability and portability of the software allows researchers to run the GenBank checks prior to submitting their viral sequences, and thereby gain confidence that their submissions will be accepted immediately without the need to correspond with GenBank staff. Reciprocally, the adoption of VADR frees GenBank staff to spend more time on services other than checking routine viral sequence submissions.	-11.305205345153809	-3.4770700931549072	6
Vaccination with single plasmid DNA encoding IL-12 and antigens of severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus elicits complete protection in IFNAR knockout mice Republic of Korea Author summary 57. Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS) is an emerging tick-borne disease caused by SFTS virus (SFTSV) infection. Despite a gradual increase of SFTS cases and high mortality in endemic regions, no specific viral therapy nor vaccine is available. Here, we developed a single recombinant plasmid DNA encoding SFTSV genes, Gn and Gc together with NP-NS fusion antigen, as a vaccine candidate. The viral antigens were fused with Fms-38 like tyrosine kinase-3 ligand (Flt3L) and IL-12 gene was incorporated into the plasmid to enhance cell-mediated immunity. Vaccination with the DNA provides complete protection of IFNAR KO mice upon lethal SFTSV challenge, whereas immunization with a plasmid without IL-12 gene resulted in partial protection. Since we failed to detect antibodies against surface glycoproteins, Gn and Gc, in the immunized mice, antigen-specific cellular immunity, as confirmed by enhanced antigen-specific T cell responses, might play major role in protection. Finally, we evaluated the degree of protective immunity provided by protein immunization of the individual glycoprotein, Gn or Gc. Although both protein antigens induced a significant level of neutralizing activity against SFTSV, Gn vaccination resulted in relatively higher neutralizing activity and better protection than Gc vaccination. However, both antigens failed to provide complete protection. Given that DNA vaccines have failed to induce sufficient immunogenicity in human trials when compared to protein vaccines, optimal combinations of DNA and protein elements, proper selection of target antigens, and incorporation of efficient adjuvant, need to be further investigated for SFTSV vaccine development. Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS) is an emerging tick-borne infection endemic to East Asia including China, Korea, and Japan. Gradual rise of disease incidence and relatively high mortality have become a serious public health problem in the endemic countries. In this study, we developed a recombinant plasmid DNA encoding four antigens, Gn, Gc, NP, and NS, of SFTS virus (SFTSV) as a vaccine candidate. In order to enhance cell-62 mediated immunity, the viral antigens were fused with Flt3L and IL-2 gene was incorporated into the plasmid. Immunization with the DNA vaccine provides complete protection against lethal SFTSV infection in IFNAR KO mice. Antigen-specific T cell responses might play a major role in the protection since we observed enhanced T cell responses specific to the viral antigens but failed to detect neutralizing antibody in the immunized mice. When we immunized with either viral glycoprotein, Gn protein induced relatively higher neutralizing activity and better protection against SFTSV infection than Gc antigen, but neither generated complete protection. Therefore, an optimal combination of DNA and protein elements, as well as proper selection of target antigens, might be required to produce an effective SFTSV vaccine. CC-BY 4.0	21.9566707611084	20.737964630126953	10
Validation and automation of a high-throughput multi-targeted method for semi-quantification of endogenous metabolites from different biological matrices using tandem mass spectrometry 4. The use of metabolomics profiling to understand metabolism under different physiological states has increased in recent years, which created the need for robust analytical platforms. Here, we present a validated method for targeted and semi-quantitative analysis of polar metabolites that covers major metabolic pathways from classes in a single 17.5-min assay. The method has been optimized for a wide range of biological matrices from various organisms, and involves automated sample preparation, and data processing using in-house developed R package. To ensure reliability, the method was validated for accuracy, precision, selectivity, specificity, linearity, recovery, and stability according to European Medicines Agency guidelines. We demonstrated excellent repeatability of the retention times (CV<4%), calibration curves (R ≥0.980) in their respective wide dynamic concentration ranges (CV<3%), and concentrations (CV<25%) of quality control samples interspersed within batches analyzed over a period of one- year. The robustness was demonstrated through high correlation between metabolite concentrations measured using our method and NIST reference values (R =0.967), including cross-32 platform comparability against the BIOCRATES AbsoluteIDQp180 kit (R =0.975) and NMR analyses (R =0.884). We have shown that our method can be successfully applied in many biomedical research fields and clinical trials, including epidemiological studies for biomarker discovery. In summary, a thorough validation demonstrated that our method is reproducible, robust, reliable, and suitable for metabolomics studies.	0.39989417791366577	-7.217032432556152	6
Validation of three geolocation strategies for health-facility attendees for research and public health surveillance in a rural setting in western Kenya. Understanding the spatial distribution of disease is critical for effective disease control. Where formal address networks do not exist, tracking spatial patterns of clinical disease is difficult. Geolocation strategies were tested at rural health facilities in western Kenya. Methods included geocoding residence by head of compound, participatory mapping and recording the self-reported nearest landmark. Geocoding was able to locate 72·9% [95% confidence interval (CI) 67·7-77·6] of individuals to within m of the true compound location. The participatory mapping exercise was able to correctly locate 82·0% of compounds (95% CI 78·9-84·8) to a × 2·5 km area with a m buffer. The self-reported nearest landmark was able to locate 78·1% (95% CI 73·8-82·1) of compounds to the correct catchment area. These strategies tested provide options for quickly obtaining spatial information on individuals presenting at health facilities.	-13.9552640914917	-34.81913375854492	2
Viperin Targets Flavivirus Virulence by Inducing Assembly of Noninfectious Capsid Particles. Efficient antiviral immunity requires interference with virus replication at multiple layers targeting diverse steps in the viral life cycle. We describe here a novel flavivirus inhibition mechanism that results in interferon-mediated obstruction of tick-borne encephalitis virus particle assembly and involves release of malfunctioning membrane-associated capsid (C) particles. This mechanism is controlled by the activity of the interferon-induced protein viperin, a broad-spectrum antiviral interferon-stimulated gene. Through analysis of the viperin-interactome, we identified the Golgi brefeldin A-resistant guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GBF1) as the cellular protein targeted by viperin. Viperin-induced antiviral activity, as well as C-particle release, was stimulated by GBF1 inhibition and knockdown and reduced by elevated levels of GBF1. Our results suggest that viperin targets flavivirus virulence by inducing the secretion of unproductive noninfectious virus particles via a GBF1-dependent mechanism. This as-yet-undescribed antiviral mechanism allows potential therapeutic intervention.	1.607422113418579	29.09589385986328	12
Viral Architecture of SARS-CoV-2 with Post-Fusion Spike Revealed by Cryo-EM. Since December 2019, the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) spread from Wuhan, China to the world, it has caused more than 87,000 diagnosed cases and more than 3,000 deaths globally. To fight against COVID-19, we carried out research for the near native SARS-CoV-2 and report here our preliminary results obtained. The pathogen of the COVID-19, the native SARS-CoV-2, was isolated, amplified and purified in a BSL-3 laboratory. The whole viral architecture of SARS-CoV-2 was examined by transmission electron microscopy (both negative staining and cryo-EM). We observed that the virion particles are roughly spherical or moderately pleiomorphic. Spikes have nail-like shape towards outside with a long body embedded in the envelope. CoV-2 is in post-fusion state, with S1 disassociated. This state revealed by cryo-EM first time could provide an important information for the identification and relevant clinical research of this new coronavirus.	7.812347888946533	11.800915718078613	4
Viral Etiology of Acute Respiratory Infection in Gansu Province. Background: Acute respiratory infections (ARIs) are the leading cause of children and their leading killer. ARIs are responsible for at least six percent of the world's disability and death. Viruses are one of the most common agents causing ARIs. Few studies on the viral etiology and clinical characteristics of ARIs have been performed in the northwest region of China, including Gansu Province. Methods: Clinical and demographic information and throat swabs were collected from patients from January 1st to December 30st, 2011. Multiplex RT-PCR was performed to detect respiratory viral pathogens. Results: patients were admitted for ARIs. The patients aged from month to years, with the median age of years. Of which, (37.6%) were positive for at least one pathogen. A total of respiratory viral pathogens were identified from the patients. Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) was the most frequently detected pathogen (26.5%, 36/136), followed by parainfluenza virus (PIV) 1-3 (22.1%, 30/136), human rhinovirus (HRV) (21.3%, 29/136), human coronavirus (CoV) (10.3%, 14/136) and human adenovirus (HAdV) (9.6%, 13/136). Influenza A (Flu A), human metapneumovirus (hMPV) and human bocavirus (BoCA) were found 4.4%, 3.7% and 2.2%, respectively. Influenza B (Flu B) and seasonal influenza A H1N1(sH1N1) were not detected. Single-infections were detected in 30.5% (85/279) of cases. RSV was the most common pathogens in patients under year and showed seasonal variation with peaks during winter and spring. Conclusions: This paper presents data on the epidemiology of viral pathogens associated with ARIs among children in Gansu Province, China. RSV is most frequently detected in our study. The findings could serve as a reference for local CDC in drawing up further plans to prevent and control ARIs.	16.943675994873047	-12.416796684265137	7
Viral fitness predicts the magnitude and direction of perturbations in the infected host transcriptome. is essential to evaluate their evolutionary potential. Darwinian fitness, defined as the advantage of a given genotype with respect to a reference one, is a mesoscopic property that captures into a single figure differences in performance at every stage of viral infection. But to which extent viral fitness results from particular molecular interactions with host factors and regulatory networks during infection? Can we identify host genes, and then functional classes, whose expression depends on viral fitness? Here, we compared the transcriptomes of tobacco plants infected with seven genotypes of tobacco etch potyvirus (TEV) that differ in fitness. We found that the larger the fitness differences among genotypes, the more dissimilar the transcriptomic profiles are. Consistently, two different mutations, one in the viral RNA polymerase and another in the viral suppressor of RNA silencing, that led to close fitness values, also resulted in significantly similar gene expression profiles. Moreover, we identified host genes whose expression showed a significant correlation, positive or negative, with TEV fitness. Over-expression of genes with positive correlation activates hormone-and RNA silencing-mediated pathways of plant defense. By contrast, underexpression of genes negatively correlated reduces metabolism, growth, and development. Fitness is a complex parameter often used by evolutionary biologists and ecologists to quantitatively describe the reproductive ability and evolutionary potential of an organism into a particular environment 1,2 . Despite this apparently simple definition, measuring fitness is difficult and most studies only measure one or more fitness components (e.g., survival to maturity, fecundity, number of mates, or number of offspring produced) as proxies to total fitness 1,2 . In the field of virology, it has become standard to measure fitness by growth-competition experiments in mixed infections with a reference strain 3,4 . With this experimental set up, fitness is just the relative ability of a viral strain to produce stable infectious progeny in a given host (cell type, organ, individual, or species) when the available resources have to be shared with a competitor . Regardless its limitations, at least, this approach provides a metric for ranking viral strains according to their performance in a particular environment/host. Such a fitness measure has been pivotal for quantitatively understanding many virus evolution processes: the effect of genetic bottlenecks and accumulation of deleterious mutations in RNA virus populations 6-8 , the rates and dynamics of adaptive evolution into novel hosts 9, , the pleiotropic cost of host range expansion 10-12 , the cost of genome complexity 13,14 , the cost of antiviral escape mutations 15-17 , the topography of adaptive fitness landscapes 18-20 , and the role of robustness in virus evolution 21-23 . But differences in viral fitness should also matter in genome wide studies seeking to understand the mode of action of the viruses (i.e., the precise way they interact with their hosts). Even though it has been argued that an integrative systems biology approach to viral pathogenesis would result in a better understanding of pathogenesis and in the identification of common targets for different viruses, therefore serving as a guide to a more rational design of therapeutic drugs 24-30 , pioneering studies have ignored the high genetic variability of viruses and subsequent differences in fitness and in mode of action. Experimental evidences support that even single nucleotide substitutions have significant effects on viral fitness, regardless they are synonymous or nonsynonymous, or they affect coding or non-coding genomic regions 31-37 . A common trend among all these studies is that, whenever fitness is evaluated in the standard host, the distribution of mutational effects is highly skewed towards deleterious effects, with a large fraction of mutations being lethal. Furthermore, increasing evidences suggest that the shape and location of the distribution of fitness effects depends on the host species, being the difference among two hosts (e.g., a tested host and the natural one) greater as their genetic divergence increases 12, 20, 38, . Together, all these observations suggest that the fitness of a given viral genotype depends not only on its own genetic background, but also on the host where fitness is evaluated. Arguably, differences in viral fitness reflect differences in the virus-host interaction, with respect to a reference strain. As the cellular parasites they are, viruses need to kidnap all sort of cellular factors and resources, reprogram gene expression patterns into their own benefit, and block and interfere with cellular defenses. And all these processes take place embedded into the host complex network of intertwined interactions and regulations. Interacting in suboptimal ways with .	-6.779036521911621	9.019024848937988	5
Viral gain-of-function experiments uncover residues under diversifying selection in nature. Viral gain-of-function mutations are commonly observed in the laboratory; however, it is unknown whether those mutations also evolve in nature. We identify two key residues in the host recognition protein of bacteriophage l that are necessary to exploit a new receptor; both residues repeatedly evolved among homologs from environmental samples. Our results provide evidence for widespread host-shift evolution in nature and a proof of concept for integrating experiments with genomic epidemiology. Many viruses can expand their host range with a few mutations 1-3 that enable the exploitation of new cellular receptors 2,3 . Such mutations may be the first steps toward an epidemic outbreak; this observation has driven an expansion of theoretical , experimental and surveillance studies of host-range shifts in emergent pathogens, including avian influenza 5-8 , coronaviruses 9,10 , HIV and ebolavirus . Ideally, laboratory evolution experiments could be used to accelerate our understanding of how viruses expand their host range. However, it is not clear whether viral evolution observed under the chemical and physical environments of a laboratory can faithfully inform us about viral evolution in nature, for at least two reasons. First, evolutionary trajectories might be sensitive to differences in environmental conditions between the laboratory and nature. Second, the number of evolutionary paths sampled in laboratory experiments is very small compared to natural virus diversity due to the enormous size of viral	-6.2862348556518555	9.079376220703125	5
Viral long-term evolutionary strategies favor stability over proliferation. Viruses are known to have some of the highest and most diverse mutation rates found in any biological replicator, with single-stranded (ss) RNA viruses evolving the fastest, and double-stranded (ds) DNA viruses having rates approaching those of bacteria. As mutation rates are tightly and negatively correlated with genome size, selection is a clear driver of viral evolution. However, the role of intragenomic interactions as drivers of viral evolution is still unclear. To understand how these two processes affect the long-17 term evolution of viruses infecting humans, we comprehensively analyzed ssRNA, ssDNA, dsRNA, and dsDNA viruses, to find which virus types and which functions show evidence for episodic diversifying selection and correlated evolution. We show that selection mostly affects single stranded viruses, that correlated evolution is more prevalent in DNA viruses, and that both processes, taken independently, mostly affect viral replication. However, the genes that are jointly affected by both processes are involved in key aspects of their life cycle, favoring viral stability over proliferation. We further show that both evolutionary processes are intimately linked at the amino acid level, which suggests that it is the joint action of selection and correlated evolution, and not just selection, that shapes the evolutionary trajectories of viruses -and possibly of their epidemiological potential.	-7.222952842712402	9.524554252624512	5
Viral respiratory tract infections in young children with cystic fibrosis: a prospective full-year seasonal study. Background: Viral respiratory tract infections are common during early childhood. How they impact cystic fibrosis lung disease history in young children is poorly known. The principal aim of our study was to determinate respiratory tract infections frequency in this cystic fibrosis young population. Secondary outcomes were nature of viral agents recovered and impact of such infections. We conducted a prospective cohort study of children affected by cystic fibrosis and aged less than years. Nasal samplings were taken systematically monthly or bimonthly with additional samples taken during respiratory tract infections episodes. Ten pathogens were tested by a combination of five duplex RT-PCRs or PCRs: influenza A and B, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), metapneumovirus (MPV), rhinovirus/enterovirus (RV/EV)), coronavirus (HKU1, NL63, 229E and OC43), parainfluenza virus (1-4), adenovirus and bocavirus (Respiratory Multi-Well System MWS r-gene®, BioMérieux, Marcy l'Étoile, France). Cycle thresholds (CTs) were reported for all positive samples and considered positive for values below 40. Quantitative variables were compared using a nonparametric statistical test (Wilcoxon signed rank for paired comparisons). Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) was used to assess relationships between two variables. Statistical analyses were performed using SAS v9.4 (SAS Institute, Cary, NC, USA) or GraphPad Prism V6.00 (GraphPad Software, La Jolla, CA, USA). The significance level was set at 0.05. Results: The mean age at inclusion was 9.6 ± 6.7 months. The patients had 3.4 ± 1.7 respiratory tract infections episodes per child per year. Forty-four respiratory tract infections (69%) were associated with virus: rhinovirus and enterovirus (RV/EV) were implied in 61% of them and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in 14%. Only one patient required hospitalization for lower respiratory tract infections. 86% of the patients were treated by antibiotics for a mean of 13.8 ± 6.2 days. RSV infections (n = 6) were usually of mild severity. Conclusions: Respiratory tract infections in young children with cystic fibrosis were of mild severity, rarely requiring hospitalization. Unsurprisingly, RV/EV were the most frequent agents. RSV-related morbidity seems low in this population. This raises the question of the usefulness of RSV preventive medication in this young population.	16.94858169555664	-12.986822128295898	7
Virological assessment of hospitalized cases of coronavirus disease *equal contribution **senior authors with equal contribution. emerged in late 1,2 . Initial outbreaks in China involved 13.8% cases with severe-, and 6.1% with critical courses . This severe presentation corresponds to the usage of a virus receptor that is expressed predominantly in the lung 2,4 . By causing an early onset of severe symptoms, this same receptor tropism is thought to have determined pathogenicity but also aided the control of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in . However, there are reports of COVID-19 cases with mild upper respiratory tract symptoms, suggesting a potential for pre-or oligosymptomatic transmission 6-8 . There is an urgent need for information on body site -specific virus replication, immunity, and infectivity. Here we provide a detailed virological analysis of nine author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.	7.302829265594482	-17.154027938842773	7
Virology Journal La Crosse virus infectivity, pathogenesis, and immunogenicity in mice and monkeys. Background: La Crosse virus (LACV), family Bunyaviridae, was first identified as a human pathogen in after its isolation from a year-old girl with fatal encephalitis in La Crosse, Wisconsin. LACV is a major cause of pediatric encephalitis in North America and infects up to 300,000 persons each year of which 70-130 result in severe disease of the central nervous system (CNS). As an initial step in the establishment of useful animal models to support vaccine development, we examined LACV infectivity, pathogenesis, and immunogenicity in both weanling mice and rhesus monkeys. Following intraperitoneal inoculation of mice, LACV replicated in various organs before reaching the CNS where it replicates to high titer causing death from neurological disease. The peripheral site where LACV replicates to highest titer is the nasal turbinates, and, presumably, LACV can enter the CNS via the olfactory neurons from nasal olfactory epithelium. The mouse infectious dose and lethal dose was similar for LACV administered either intranasally or intraperitoneally. LACV was highly infectious for rhesus monkeys and infected 100% of the animals at PFU. However, the infection was asymptomatic, and the monkeys developed a strong neutralizing antibody response. In mice, LACV likely gains access to the CNS via the blood stream or via olfactory neurons. The ability to efficiently infect mice intranasally raises the possibility that LACV might use this route to infect its natural hosts. Rhesus monkeys are susceptible to LACV infection and develop strong neutralizing antibody responses after inoculation with as little as PFU. Mice and rhesus monkeys are useful animal models for LACV vaccine immunologic testing although the rhesus monkey model is not optimal.	23.41911506652832	15.744938850402832	10
Virology Journal Viruses and thyroiditis: an update. Viral infections are frequently cited as a major environmental factor involved in subacute thyroiditis and autoimmune thyroid diseases This review examines the data related to the role of viruses in the development of thyroiditis. Our research has been focused on human data. We have reviewed virological data for each type of thyroiditis at different levels of evidence; epidemiological data, serological data or research on circulating viruses, direct evidence of thyroid tissue infection. Interpretation of epidemiological and serological data must be cautious as they don't prove that this pathogen is responsible for the disease. However, direct evidence of the presence of viruses or their components in the organ are available for retroviruses (HFV) and mumps in subacute thyroiditis, for retroviruses (HTLV-1, HFV, HIV and SV40) in Graves's disease and for HTLV-1, enterovirus, rubella, mumps virus, HSV, EBV and parvovirus in Hashimoto's thyroiditis. However, it remains to determine whether they are responsible for thyroid diseases or whether they are just innocent bystanders. Further studies are needed to clarify the relationship between viruses and thyroid diseases, in order to develop new strategies for prevention and/or treatment.	22.625547409057617	10.940838813781738	10
Virology Journal. Background: Diarrhea is the third leading infectious cause of death worldwide and is estimated to be responsible for approximately million deaths a year. While many infectious causes of diarrhea have been established, approximately 40% of all diarrhea cases are of unknown etiology. In an effort to identify novel viruses that may be causal agents of diarrhea, we used high throughput mass sequencing to analyze stool samples collected from patients with acute diarrhea. Results: Sequences with limited similarity to known picornaviruses were detected in a stool sample collected in Australia from a child with acute diarrhea. Using a combination of mass sequencing, RT-PCR, 5' RACE and 3' RACE, a bp fragment of the viral genome was sequenced. Phylogenetic analysis demonstrated that this virus was highly divergent from, but most closely related to, members of the genus Kobuvirus. We have tentatively named this novel virus klassevirus 1. We also detected klassevirus by RT-PCR in a diarrhea specimen collected from a patient in St. Louis, United States as well as in untreated sewage collected in Barcelona, Spain. Klassevirus is a previously undescribed picornavirus that is globally widespread and present on at least three continents. Further investigations to determine whether klassevirus is a human pathogen are needed.	13.3548002243042	-0.8443462252616882	10
Virome heterogeneity and connectivity in waterfowl and shorebird Running Title: Viromes of waterbird communities 5. Models of host-microbe dynamics typically assume a single-host population infected by a single pathogen. In reality, many hosts form multi-species aggregations and may be infected with an assemblage of pathogens. We used a meta-transcriptomic approach to characterize the viromes of nine avian species in the Anseriformes (ducks) and Charadriiformes (shorebirds). This revealed the presence of viral species, of which were novel, including double-stranded RNA viruses (Picobirnaviridae and Reoviridae), single-stranded RNA viruses (Astroviridae, Caliciviridae,	9.173903465270996	-0.446449875831604	10
Virus strain of a mild COVID-19 patient in Hangzhou represents a new trend in SARS-CoV-2 evolution related to Furin cleavage site. The outbreak of COVID-19 become enormous threat to human beings, showing unclear virus mutation during dissemination. We found, in our confirmed COVID-19 patients, the decreased rate of severe/critical type, increased liver/kidney damage and prolonged period of nuclear acid positivity, when compared with Wuhan. To investigate underlining mechanisms, we isolated one strain of SARS-CoV-2 (ZJ01) in mild COVID-19 patient and found the existence of specific gene mutation by gene alignment. Further phylogenetic analysis and RSCU heat map results suggested that ZJ01 may be a potential evolutionary branch of SARS-CoV-2. We classified strains of viruses worldwide (C/T type) based on the base (C or T) at positions and 28247. ZJ01 has both T at those sites, becoming the only TT type currently identified in the world. The prediction of Furin cleavage site (FCS) and the sequence alignment of virus family indicated that FCS may be an important site of coronavirus evolution. ZJ01 had mutations near FCS (F1-2), which caused changes in the structure and electrostatic distribution of S protein surface, further affecting the binding capacity of Furin. Single cell sequencing and ACE2-Furin co-expression results confirmed that Furin level was higher in the whole body, especially in glands, liver, kidney and colon while FCS may help SARS-CoV-2 infect these organs. The evolutionary pattern of SARS-CoV-2 towards FCS formation may result in its clinical symptom becoming closer to HKU-1 and OC43 (the source of FCS sequence-PRRA) caused influenza, further showing potential in differentiating into mild COVID-19 subtypes. : medRxiv preprint mutation near FCS changed protein structure conformation and surface electrostatic potential, which further influenced its binding capacity with Furin. Figure 4. The important role of FCS in SARS-CoV-2 evolution. (A), The number of FCS was varied in different coronavirus. SARS-CoV-2 had F1-3 sites, RaTG13 had F1-2 sites with 96% . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. (which was not peer-reviewed) The copyright holder for this preprint .	7.849857807159424	11.418977737426758	4
Virus-host interactomics: new insights and opportunities for antiviral drug discovery. The current therapeutic arsenal against viral infections remains limited, with often poor efficacy and incomplete coverage, and appears inadequate to face the emergence of drug resistance. Our understanding of viral biology and pathophysiology and our ability to develop a more effective antiviral arsenal would greatly benefit from a more comprehensive picture of the events that lead to viral replication and associated symptoms. Towards this goal, the construction of virus-host interactomes is instrumental, mainly relying on the assumption that a viral infection at the cellular level can be viewed as a number of perturbations introduced into the host protein network when viral proteins make new connections and disrupt existing ones. Here, we review advances in interactomic approaches for viral infections, focusing on high-throughput screening (HTS) technologies and on the generation of high-quality datasets. We show how these are already beginning to offer intriguing perspectives in terms of virus-host cell biology and the control of cellular functions, and we conclude by offering a summary of the current situation regarding the potential development of host-oriented antiviral therapeutics.	-7.928672790527344	5.415099143981934	5
Viruses in Vietnamese Patients Presenting with Community- Acquired Sepsis of Unknown Cause. Community-acquired (CA) sepsis is a major public health problem worldwide, yet the etiology remains unknown for Ͼ50% of the patients. Here we applied metagenomic next-generation sequencing (mNGS) to characterize the human virome in clinical samples (384 sera, pooled nasal and throat swabs, stools, and cerebrospinal fluid samples) from patients (213 adults and children) presenting with CA sepsis who were recruited from hospitals across Vietnam between and 2015. Specific monoplex PCRs were used subsequently to confirm the presence of viral sequences detected by mNGS. We found sequences related to viral species belonging to families in of (93%) patients, including viruses known to cause human infections. After PCR confirmation, human viruses were found in of patients (13.4%); picornavirus (enteroviruses [n ϭ 14], rhinovirus [n ϭ 5], and parechovirus [n ϭ 2]), hepatitis B virus (n ϭ 10), cytomegalovirus (n ϭ 9), Epstein-Barr virus (n ϭ 5), and rotavirus A (n ϭ 3) were the most common viruses detected. Recently discovered viruses were also found (gemycircularvirus [n ϭ 5] and WU polyomavirus, Saffold virus, salivirus, cyclovirus-VN, and human pegivirus [HPgV2] [n, each]), adding to the growing literature about the geographic distribution of these novel viruses. Notably, sequences related to numerous viruses not previously reported in human tissues were also detected. To summarize, we identified viral species known to be infectious to humans in of (13.4%) patients presenting with CA sepsis of unknown cause. The study, however, cannot directly impute sepsis causation to the viruses identified. The results highlight the fact that it remains a challenge to establish the causative agents in CA sepsis patients, especially in tropical settings such as Vietnam.	13.723148345947266	-5.973618507385254	7
Vitrification after multiple rounds of sample application and blotting improves particle density on cryo-electron microscopy grids. Single particle cryo-electron microscopy (cryoEM) is becoming widely adopted as a tool for structural characterization of biomolecules at near-atomic resolution. Vitrification of the sample to obtain a dense distribution of particles within a single field of view remains a major bottleneck for the success of such experiments. Here, we describe a simple and cost-effective method to increase the density of frozen-hydrated particles on grids with holey carbon support films. It relies on performing multiple rounds of sample application and blotting prior to plunge freezing in liquid ethane. We show that this approach is generally applicable and significantly increases particle density for a range of samples, such as small protein complexes, viruses and filamentous assemblies. The method is versatile, easy to implement, minimizes sample requirements and can enable characterization of samples that would otherwise resist structural studies using single particle cryoEM.	-17.060861587524414	-0.8099564909934998	6
Vorpal: A novel RNA virus feature- extraction algorithm demonstrated through interpretable genotype-to- phenotype linear models 5. In the analysis of genomic sequence data, so-called "alignment free" approaches are often selected for their relative speed compared to alignment-based approaches, especially in the application of distance comparisons and taxonomic classification 1,2,3,4 . These methods are typically reliant on excising K-length substrings of the input sequence, called K-mers . In the context of machine learning, K-mer based feature vectors have been used in applications ranging from amplicon sequencing classification to predictive modeling for antimicrobial resistance genes 6,7,8 . This can be seen as an analogy of the "bag-of-words" model successfully employed in natural language processing and computer vision for document and image classification 9,10 . Feature extraction techniques from natural language processing have previously been analogized to genomics data ; however, the "bag-of-21 words" approach is brittle in the RNA virus space due to the high intersequence variance and the exact matching requirement of K-mers. To reconcile the simplicity of "bag-of-23 words" methods with the complications presented by the intrinsic variance of RNA virus space, a method to resolve the fragility of extracted K-mers in a way that faithfully reflects an underlying biological phenomenon was devised. Our algorithm, Vorpal, allows the construction of interpretable linear models with clustered, representative 'degenerate' K-27 mers as the input vector and, through regularization, sparse predictors of binary phenotypes as the output. Here, we demonstrate the utility of Vorpal by identifying nucleotide-level genomic motif predictors for binary phenotypes in three separate RNA virus clades; human pathogen vs. non-human pathogen in Orthocoronavirinae, hemorrhagic fever causing vs. non-hemorrhagic fever causing in Ebolavirus, and human-32 host vs. non-human host in Influenza A. The capacity of this approach for in silico identification of hypotheses which can be validated by direct experimentation, as well as identification of genomic targets for preemptive biosurveillance of emerging viruses, is discussed. The code is available for download at Feature Extraction Algorithm Overview In the quasispecies model, the virus organism is represented by the "cloud" of genotypes that can be maintained by the virus within the allowable fitness parameters . In the method proposed	-10.311612129211426	0.44167962670326233	6
Vulnerabilities in coronavirus glycan shields despite extensive glycosylation. Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) coronaviruses (CoVs) are zoonotic pathogens with high fatality rates and pandemic potential. Vaccine development has focussed on the principal target of the neutralizing humoral immune response, the spike (S) glycoprotein, which mediates receptor recognition and membrane fusion. Coronavirus S proteins are extensively glycosylated viral fusion proteins, encoding around 69-87 N-linked glycosylation sites per trimeric spike. Using a multifaceted structural approach, we reveal a specific area of high glycan density on MERS S that results in the formation of under-processed oligomannose-type glycan clusters, which was absent on SARS and HKU1 CoVs. We provide a comparison of the global glycan density of coronavirus spikes with other viral proteins including HIV-1 envelope, Lassa virus glycoprotein complex, and influenza hemagglutinin, where glycosylation plays a known role in shielding immunogenic epitopes. Consistent with the ability of the antibody-mediated immune response to effectively target and neutralize coronaviruses, we demonstrate that the glycans of coronavirus spikes are not able to form an efficacious high-density global shield to thwart the humoral immune response. Overall, our data reveal how differential organisation of viral glycosylation across class I viral fusion proteins influence not only individual glycan compositions but also the immunological pressure across the viral protein surface.	7.1403679847717285	20.848304748535156	12
WeChat, a Chinese social media, may early detect the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak in 2019. We plotted daily data on the frequencies of keywords related to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) from WeChat, a Chinese social media. Using "Feidian", Chinese abbreviation for SARS, may detect the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak in two weeks earlier. WeChat offered a new approach to early detect disease outbreaks.	-3.6149303913116455	-12.825797080993652	1
When will the battle against novel coronavirus end in Wuhan: a SEIR modeling analysis. Recent outbreak of 2019-nCoV in Wuhan raised serious public health concerns. By February 15, in Wuhan, the total number of confirmed infection cases has reached 37,914, and the number of deaths has reached 1123, accounting for 56.9% of the total confirmed cases and 73.7% of the total deaths in China. People are eager to know when the epidemic will be completely controlled and when people's work and life will be on the right track. In this study we analyzed the epidemic dynamics and trend of 2019-nCoV in Wuhan by using the data after the closure of Wuhan city till February 12, based on the SEIR modeling method. The optimal parameters were estimated as R =1.44 (interquartile range: 1.40-1.47)，TI=14 (interquartile range: 14-14) and TE=3.0 (interquartile range: 2.8-3.	-4.8249945640563965	-33.88946533203125	3
While the ecology of infectious disease is a rich field with decades worth of empirical evidence and theory, there are aspects that remain relatively under-examined. One example is the importance of the free-living survival stage of certain pathogens, and especially is cases where they are transmitted indirectly between hosts through an environmental reservoir intermediate. In this study, we develop an integrated, broadly applicable mathematical method to examine diseases fitting this description-the waterborne, abiotic and other indirectly transmitted (W.A.I.T.) infection framework. To demonstrate its utility, we construct realistic models of two very different epidemic scenarios: cholera in a densely populated setting with limited access to clean drinking water and hepatitis C virus in an urban setting of injection-drug users. Using these two exemplars, we find that the W.A.I.T. model fortifies the centrality of reservoir dynamics in the "sit and wait" infection strategy, and provides a way to simulate a diverse set of intervention strategies.	-16.188535690307617	-16.011167526245117	5
Wuhan pneumonia is an acute infectious disease caused by the novel coronavirus for Hubei province. To achieve the accurate calculation of the incubation period, we only involved the officially confirmed cases with a clear history of exposure and time of onset. We excluded those without relevant epidemiological descriptions, working or living in Wuhan for a long time, or hard to determine the possible exposure time. We proposed a Monte Caro simulation approach to estimate the incubation of COVID-19 as well as employed nonparametric ways. We also employed manifold learning and related statistical analysis to decipher the incubation relationships between different age/gender groups. author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. The incubation period of COVID-19 did not follow general incubation distributions such as lognormal, Weibull, and Gamma distributions. We estimated that the mean and median of its incubation were 5.84 and 5.0 days via bootstrap and proposed Monte Carlo simulations. We found that the incubation periods of the groups with age>=40 years and age<40 years demonstrated a statistically significant difference. The former group had a longer incubation period and a larger variance than the latter. It further suggested that different quarantine time should be applied to the groups for their different incubation periods. Our machine learning analysis also showed that the two groups were linearly separable. incubation of COVID-19 along with previous statistical analysis. Our results further indicated that the incubation difference between males and females did not demonstrate a statistical significance.	-8.213725090026855	-22.90117835998535	3
X-ray Structure and Enzymatic Activity Profile of a Core Papain- like Protease of MERS Coronavirus with utility for structure-based drug design OPEN. Ubl2 domain from MERS PLpro has no effect on its ability to process the viral polyprotein or act as an interferon antagonist, which involves deubiquitinating and deISGylating cellular proteins. Here, we test the hypothesis that the Ubl2 domain is not required for the catalytic function of MERS PLpro in vitro. The X-ray structure of MERS PLpro-∆Ubl2 was determined to 1.9 Å and compared to PLpro containing the N-terminal Ubl2 domain. While the structures were nearly identical, the PLpro-∆Ubl2 enzyme revealed the intact structure of the substrate-binding loop. Moreover, PLpro-∆Ubl2 catalysis against different substrates and a purported inhibitor revealed no differences in catalytic efficiency, substrate specificity, and inhibition. Further, no changes in thermal stability were observed between enzymes. We conclude that the catalytic core of MERS PLpro, i.e. without the Ubl2 domain, is sufficient for catalysis and stability in vitro with utility to evaluate potential inhibitors as a platform for structure-based drug design. Coronaviruses (CoVs) are enveloped, positive sense, single-stranded RNA viruses that cause mild to severe upper respiratory tract infections in humans. Approximately years after emergence of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) in 2002/2003, Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) emerged and has been identified so far in countries with a case-fatality rate over 30% 1,2 . Although these CoVs are well-recognized global pathogens, there are no antiviral interventions available. Thus, a better understanding of the molecular mechanisms that facilitate viral pathogenesis and replication may permit the design of targeted therapeutics against CoVs. MERS-CoV is classified in the sub-lineage C genus Betacoronavirus with a conserved genomic size of ~30 kb among other CoVs . The first kilobases located at the 5′ -end of the RNA genome is encoded in two open reading frames (ORF1a/ORF1b) that are translated by host ribosomes to generate two respective viral polyproteins (pp1a & pp1ab). Pp1a and pp1ab are processed by two virus-encoded cysteine proteases, termed the papain-like protease (PLpro) and the 3C-like protease (3CLpro). Together, these two proteases cleave the polyproteins to produce nonstructural proteins (nsps), which are essential for the formation of the replicase complex and hence RNA replication. This study focuses on the multifunctional and putative drug target, PLpro, located in nonstructural protein (nsp3; Fig. 1a ).	-1.2360016107559204	23.494247436523438	12
ZIKA VIRUS INFECTION AT DIFFERENT PREGNANCY STAGES: ANATOMOPATHOLOGICAL FINDINGS, TARGET CELLS AND VIRAL PERSISTENCE IN PLACENTAL TISSUES Running title ZIKA VIRUS INFECTION IN HUMAN PLACENTAS List of authors. Zika virus (ZIKV) infection in humans has been associated with congenital malformations and other neurological disorders, such as Guillain-Barré syndrome. The mechanism(s) of ZIKV intrauterine transmission, the cell types involved, the most vulnerable period of pregnancy for severe outcomes from infection and other physiopathological aspects remain unknown. In this study, we analyzed placental samples obtained at the time of delivery from a group of twenty-four women diagnosed with ZIKV infection during the first, second or third trimesters of pregnancy. Villous immaturity was the main histological finding in the placental tissues, although placentas without alterations were also frequently observed. Significant enhancement of the number of syncytial sprouts was observed in the placentas of women infected during the third trimester, indicating the development of placental abnormalities after ZIKV infection. Hyperplasia of Hofbauer cells (HCs) was also observed in these thirdtrimester placental tissues, and remarkably, HCs were the only ZIKV-positive fetal cells found in the placentas studied that persisted until birth, as revealed by immunohistochemical (IHC) analysis. Thirty-three percent of women infected during pregnancy delivered infants with congenital abnormalities, although no pattern correlating the gestational stage at infection, the IHC positivity of HCs in placental tissues and the presence of congenital malformations at birth was observed. Placental tissue analysis enabled us to confirm maternal ZIKV infection in cases where serum from the acute infection phase was not available, which reinforces the importance of this technique in identifying possible causal factors of birth defects. The results we observed in the samples from naturally infected pregnant women may contribute to the understanding of some aspects of the pathophysiology of ZIKV.	13.002480506896973	29.702743530273438	10
ZODIAC: database-independent molecular formula annotation using Gibbs sampling reveals unknown small molecules. The condent high-throughput identication of small molecules remains one of the most challenging tasks in mass spectrometry-based metabolomics. SIRIUS has become a powerful tool for the interpretation of tandem mass spectra, and shows outstanding performance for identifying the molecular formula of a query compound, being the rst step of structure identication. Nevertheless, the identication of both molecular formulas for large compounds above Daltons and novel molecular formulas remains highly challenging. Here, we present ZODIAC, a network-based algorithm for the de novo estimation of molecular formulas. ZODIAC reranks SIRIUS' molecular formula candidates, combining fragmentation tree computation with Bayesian statistics using Gibbs sampling. Through careful algorithm engineering, ZODIAC's Gibbs sampling is very swift in practice. ZODIAC decreases incorrect annotations 16.2-fold on a challenging plant extract dataset with most compounds above Dalton; we then show improvements on four additional, diverse datasets. Our analysis led to the discovery of compounds with novel molecular formulas such as C H BrNO P which, as of today, is not present in any publicly available molecular structure databases. Metabolomics characterizes metabolites with high-throughput techniques. In the past decade, liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) became widely adopted by the metabolomics community as a powerful and sensitive analytical platform, but yet only a fraction of the detected compounds can be eectively annotated, even partially. In untargeted LC-MS/MS experiments, thousands of metabolites can be detected and fragmented from a single biological sample. The measured fragmentation spectra (MS/MS spectra) are then used to examine the metabolite's structure. But condent high-throughput annotation of those MS/MS spectra remains highly challenging; this prevents the building of comprehensive knowledge in elds where metabolomics has become central, such as biomedical research, natural products drug discovery , environmental science, and food science. Tandem mass spectrometry data is often searched against spectral libraries ; unfortunately, spectral libraries are of limited size, in particular when it comes to biomolecules . Although public spectral libraries are being expanded, only a fraction of acquired MS/MS spectra can be annotated by spectral library searches 1,46 . Computational methods have been developed that do not search in spectral libraries but rather in molecular structure databases . Among these methods, CSI:FingerID has repeatedly shown the . doi: bioRxiv preprint Ludwig, Nothias, Dührkop, et al. best performance . One reason for CSI:FingerID's improved performance is the integration of SIRIUS , deducing the molecular formula of each query as the rst step of its analysis. Other tools lter candidates using the query precursor mass, reducing molecular formula annotation to a byproduct. This worsens identication rates and can result in severe hidden prior problems 13,14 . Identifying the molecular formula is also the very rst step in structural elucidation using Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) or X-ray crystallography, guiding data interpretation based on atoms and unsaturation degree. The condent annotation of molecular formulas from mass spectrometry data is far from trivial, especially if executed de novo (without a structure database): Here, the number of candidate molecular formula grows rapidly with the compound size and elements beyond CHNOPS. To counter this growth, one can use heuristic constraints or use only molecular formulas from some structure database 16,17 . Restricting the search space will improve the performance of a method in evaluation, but will prevent the discovery of novel molecular formulas in application. Arguably the best-performing computational method for molecular formula annotation is SIRIUS , which combines isotope pattern matching 15,1823 and MS/MS fragmentation tree computation 22,2426 . SIRIUS reaches best-of-class performance without ltering or meta-scores . But even SIRIUS has problems annotating molecular formula for compounds above Da: Böcker & Dührkop found that the percentage of correctly identied molecular formulas dropped substantially for larger masses. An alternative approach to annotate molecular formulas for a complete LC-MS run uses Gibbs sampling and Bayesian statistics, utilizing co-occurrence of molecular formulas diering by a predened set of biotransformations . Implicitly, these approaches try to identify molecular structures (or their isomers) from a restricted structure database, and cannot annotate novel molecular formulas. Network visualization approaches which connect compounds by hypothetical biotransformations and common chemical functional groups have been demonstrated to ease manual molecular formula annotation . Independently, network-based methods were developed for structural elucidation and dereplication 1,32,33 . All of these approaches are based on the fact that compounds in an LC-MS run usually co-occur in a network of derivatives. We present ZODIAC (ZODIAC: Organic compound Determination by Integral Assignment of elemental Compositions) for condent, database-independent molecular formula annotation in LC-MS/MS data. ZODIAC takes advantage of the fact that an organism produces related metabolites that are derived from multiple, but limited, biosynthetic pathways. ZODIAC builds upon SIRIUS and uses, say, the top molecular formula annotations from SIRIUS as candidates for one compound. ZODIAC then reranks molecular formula candidates using Bayesian statistics. Prior probabilities are derived from fragmentation tree similarity, which supports reciprocal plausibility within an LC-MS/MS dataset. On the theoretical side, we establish that nding an optimal solution to the resulting computational problem is non-deterministic polynomial time (NP)-hard; to this end, we resort to Gibbs sampling. Using extensive algorithm engineering, Gibbs sampling running times were reduced to a practical level. To boost robustness, ZODIAC can integrate spectral library search hits. We show that ZODIAC improves molecular formula annotation on a diverse set of biological samples. Furthermore, ZODIAC scores allow us to rank molecular formula annotations by condence. ZODIAC is not limited to molecular formulas from some structure database, allowing us to discover novel molecular formulas not present in any structural databases. ZODIAC was evaluated on ve diverse datasets representing samples from plants, human plasma, marine microalgae and mice fecal sample, see Supplementary Table 1, and and Supplementary Fig. Input mzML/mzXML les were processed with OpenMS and low-quality MS/MS spectra .	-12.24919605255127	-0.3190499544143677	6
Zika virus infection in Collaborative Cross mice 2. The 2015-2016 emergence of Zika virus (ZIKV) in the Americas, and recognition that ZIKV infection during pregnancy can result in birth defects, revealed a need for small animal models to study ZIKV pathogenic mechanisms and evaluate candidate vaccines and antivirals. Mice would be an attractive system for such studies, but ZIKV replicates poorly in laboratory mice because it fails to antagonize murine STAT2 and STING. To address this, most ZIKV pathogenesis studies have used mice with impaired interferon signaling (e.g. Ifnar1 -/or treatment with IFNAR1-blocking antibodies). However, using mice with severe defects in innate antiviral signaling confounds studies of viral pathogenic mechanisms. Collaborative Cross (CC) mice have proven to be a valuable system for developing new mouse pathogenesis models for viral infections that are not well modeled in conventional laboratory mouse lines. To test whether CC mice could provide an immune-competent model for ZIKV pathogenesis, we infected CC lines with ZIKV and assessed weight loss, viremia, and production of neutralizing antibodies. We tested CC lines (CC001,	12.631733894348145	23.1855411529541	10
Zika virus outbreak in the Americas: Is Aedes albopictus an overlooked culprit?. Codon usage patterns of viruses reflect a series of evolutionary changes that enable viruses to shape their survival rates and fitness toward the external environment and, most importantly, their hosts. In the present study, we employed multiple codon usage analysis indices to determine genotype specific codon usage patterns of Zika virus (ZIKV) strains from the current outbreak and those reported previously. Several genotype specific and common codon usage traits were noted in ZIKV coding sequences, indicative of independent evolutionary origins from a common ancestor. The overall influence of natural selection was found to be more profound than that of mutation pressure and acting on specific set of viral genes belonging to ZIKV strains of Asian genotype from the recent outbreak. Furthermore, an interplay of codon adaptation and deoptimization have been observed in ZIKV genomes. The collective findings of codon analysis in association with the geographical data of Aedes populations in the Americas suggests that ZIKV have evolved a dynamic set of codon usage patterns in order to maintain a successful replication and transmission chain within multiple hosts and vectors.	-3.7834596633911133	8.801651000976562	5
a new immunosuppressive Molecule emodin induces both cD4 + FoxP3 + and cD8 + cD122 + regulatory T cells and suppresses Murine allograft rejection. FigUre | Emodin also augments the percentages and numbers of CD8 + CD122 + regulatory T cells (Tregs). Draining lymph node (LN) and spleen cells from emodin-or CsA-treated B6 mice transplanted with BALB/c skin were isolated days after transplantation. The percentages and absolute numbers of CD8 + CD122 + Tregs from LNs and spleens of recipient mice were measured via a flow cytometer. Data are shown as means ± SD (n = 6-8 mice). One of three separate experiments is shown.	8.72164249420166	41.46691131591797	0
a section of the journal Frontiers in Pediatrics A Review of Pediatric Critical Care in Resource-Limited Settings: A Look at Past, Present, and Future Directions. Fifteen years ago, United Nations world leaders defined millenium development goal (MDG 4): to reduce under-5-year mortality rates by two-thirds by the year 2015. Unfortunately, only of developing countries are expected to achieve MDG 4. The majority of childhood deaths in these settings result from reversible causes, and developing effective pediatric emergency and critical care services could substantially reduce this mortality. The Ebola outbreak highlighted the fragility of health care systems in resource-limited settings and emphasized the urgent need for a paradigm shift in the global approach to healthcare delivery related to critical illness. This review provides an overview of pediatric critical care in resource-limited settings and outlines strategies to address challenges specific to these areas. Implementation of these tools has the potential to move us toward delivery of an adequate standard of critical care for all children globally, and ultimately decrease global child mortality in resource-limited settings.	-17.75398063659668	-31.10297966003418	2
and transmission of dengue across Pakistan. Abstract: Macroscopic descriptions of populations commonly assume that encounters between individuals are well mixed; i.e., each individual has an equal chance of coming into contact with any other individual. Relaxing this assumption can be challenging though, due to the difficulty of acquiring detailed knowledge about the non-random nature of encounters. Here, we fitted a mathematical model of dengue virus transmission to spatial time series data from Pakistan and compared maximum-likelihood estimates of "mixing parameters" when disaggregating data across an urban-rural gradient. We show that dynamics across this gradient are subject not only to differing transmission intensities but also to differing strengths of nonlinearity due to differences in mixing. We furthermore show that neglecting spatial variation in mixing can lead to substantial underestimates of the level of effort needed to control a pathogen with vaccines or other control efforts. We complement this analysis with relevant contemporary environmental drivers of dengue.	-16.575016021728516	-15.056923866271973	5
causes of fever in Gabonese children: a cross-sectional hospital- based study. The causes of infections in pediatric populations differ between age groups and settings, particularly in the tropics. Such differences in epidemiology may lead to misdiagnosis and ineffective empirical treatment. Here, we investigated the current spectrum of pathogens causing febrile diseases leading to pediatric hospitalization in Lambaréné, Gabon. From August to March 2016, we conducted a prospective, cross-sectional, hospital-based study in a provincial hospital. Patients were children ≤ years with fever ≥ °C and required hospitalization. A total of febrile patients were enrolled. Malaria was the main diagnosis found in 52% (311/600) patients. Blood cultures revealed septicemia in 3% (17/593), among them four cases of typhoid fever. The other causes of fever were heterogeneously distributed between both bacteria and viruses. Severe infections identified by Lambaréné Organ Dysfunction Score (LODS) were also most often caused by malaria, but children with danger signs did not have more coinfections than others. In 6% (35/600) of patients, no pathogen was isolated. In Gabon, malaria is still the major cause of fever in children, followed by a bacterial and viral disease. Guidelines for both diagnosis and management should be tailored to the spectrum of pathogens and resources available locally. Causes of fever in African pediatric populations are more diverse than previously thought. A landmark study conducted in Tanzania showed that due to a change in epidemiology, a broad spectrum of pathogens replaced P. falciparum malaria as the most common cause of disease in children in this area . However, a few years later, P. falciparum malaria, is still seen to be the main cause of febrile illnesses in Ghana, West Africa . When unaware, these differences in epidemiology might lead to misdiagnosis as well as inefficient treatment by the medical personnel. The process of medical diagnosis includes the joint interpretation of symptoms, clinical signs and laboratory findings. Careful selection and prioritization of a diagnostic setup are informed by a priori knowledge of the seasonal, local and worldwide frequency and distribution of a given disease 3,4 . Our study describes the distribution of infections, co-infections, and co-morbidities in children hospitalized for febrile illnesses at the Albert Schweitzer Hospital (HAS) in Lambaréné, Gabon, as an example for a hospital in a semiurban Central African region. In addition, we present the current spectrum of pathogens causing severe disease identified by Lambaréné Organ Dysfunction Score (LODS) in these children. Study patients. A total of febrile patients ≤ years were enrolled in our study. Of these, (47%) were females; 69% (415/600) patients were < years, and median (IQR) age was [12-68] months (Table 1) . Seven percent (40/549, NA = 51) had at least one known chronic medical condition prior to admission, among the main ones: 4% (23/600) patients had homozygous sickle cell disease; 1% (6/600) were HIV positive. Vaccination coverage of the expanded program on immunization (EPI) vaccines was above 80% for scheduled doses of BCG, poliomyelitis and pentavalent (diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, hepatitis B and Haemophilus influenzae type b) vaccines, and 54% and 55% for measles and yellow fever vaccines, respectively ( Supplementary Fig. S1 ). General condition. On admission, 4% (23/593, NA = 7) patients were prostrated. Malnutrition -defined by a weight-for-age Z-score < −2SD was found in 22% (132/600) patients. Table 2a depicts differences of clinical parameters that werefound statistically significant, in relation to major clinical signs. Anemia was more pronounced in severely malnourished patients -having a weight-for-age Z-Score < −3SD, with a hemoglobin concentration of 8.3 g/dL versus 9.2 g/dL (p = 0.02) (Table 2b) . Laboratory values and imaging. Laboratory values were mostly as expected for the respective clinical condition. Table 2b depicts differences of hematological parameters and liver function tests in relation to major clinical signs. Chest radiography was done in children with respiratory signs and/or leucocytes ≥20,000/mm as early as possible after admission (Fig. 1) . Overall, 52% (311/600) patients were diagnosed with Plasmodium falciparum (P.f.) malaria, ten of them as mixed infections: seven P. malariae (P.m), three P. ovale curtisi (P.o.c. ), and one P. ovale wallikeri (P.o.w.). One patient was infected with P.f., P.m., and P.o.c. at the same time. PCR-screening for Babesia spp. was negative in all patients. Urine analysis revealed one Schistosoma haematobium infection. Scientific RepoRtS | (2020) 10:2080 |	17.096416473388672	-13.720678329467773	7
cells The Redox Role of G6PD in Cell Growth, Cell Death, and Cancer. The generation of reducing equivalent NADPH via glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) is critical for the maintenance of redox homeostasis and reductive biosynthesis in cells. NADPH also plays key roles in cellular processes mediated by redox signaling. Insufficient G6PD activity predisposes cells to growth retardation and demise. Severely lacking G6PD impairs embryonic development and delays organismal growth. Altered G6PD activity is associated with pathophysiology, such as autophagy, insulin resistance, infection, inflammation, as well as diabetes and hypertension. Aberrant activation of G6PD leads to enhanced cell proliferation and adaptation in many types of cancers. The present review aims to update the existing knowledge concerning G6PD and emphasizes how G6PD modulates redox signaling and affects cell survival and demise, particularly in diseases such as cancer. Exploiting G6PD as a potential drug target against cancer is also discussed. Human G6PD-deficient granulocytes exhibit impairment of hydrogen peroxide and superoxide production [72] . Similar to the finding in cells, lower superoxide release, and reduced atherosclerotic lesions have been observed in G6PD-deficient mice crossbred with ApoE null hemizygous mice [73] . G6PD-derived NADPH is responsible for superoxide production as found in a pacing-induced heart failure canine model [74] . The ventricular tissue homogenates show an increase in NADPH, superoxide, and G6PD activity. Treatment with a NOX inhibitor gp91(ds-tat) or a G6PD inhibitor, 6-aminonicotinamide (6-AN), significantly reduces superoxide generation in the failing heart homogenates. The upregulation of myocardial G6PD provides sufficient NADPH and fuels the superoxide-producing enzymes, suggesting a redox role for G6PD in the pathogenesis of heart disease [74] . G6PD regulates nuclear superoxide production by cooperating with NOX4 in the hepatocytes, where G6PD and NOX4 are co-localized in the nucleus [75] . The close relationship between G6PD and NOX4 maintains ROS homeostasis and promotes downstream redox signaling, including STAT3, c-SRC and SHP2, in melanoma cells [16] . Overexpression of G6PD in bovine aortic endothelial cells (BAECs) diminishes ROS accumulation following exposure to hydrogen peroxide, TNF-α or xanthine oxidase. Upregulation of G6PD in BAECs maintains the reduced form of glutathione [76] . NO generation can be stimulated by cytokines and NO donors [77, 78] . NO affects cell survival, the immune response, insulin signaling, and stress disorders and provides vascular and neural protection [72, 76, [79] [80] [81] [82] [83] [84] . NO production is dependent on G6PD status [10] . Increased levels of NO and G6PD have been found in the saliva of refugees suffering from stress and anxiety [80] . Upon lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA) stimulation, human granulocytes produce nitrite (derived from NO). Human granulocytes lacking G6PD fail to generate NO in the presence of LPS or PMA [72] . The cytokine IL-1β enhances inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) expression and NO production in pancreatic islet cells causing cell death and disruption of insulin secretion. IL-1β upregulates G6PD activity and reduces cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) levels. 8-bromo-cAMP, an activator of cAMP-dependent protein kinase, increases G6PD activity, while a protein kinase A (PKA) inhibitor decreases G6PD activity [79] . G6PD status is positively correlated with NO production. Suppression of G6PD by the biochemical inhibitor dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) or an antisense oligonucleotide reduces the IL-1β-induced NO level, indicating that cAMP-dependent PKA enhances G6PD status stimulated by IL-1β-derived NO. Sodium nitroprusside, an NO donor, stimulates cell growth in G6PD-normal fibroblasts but induces apoptosis in G6PD-deficient fibroblasts [81] . Treatment with Trolox, an antioxidant, or ectopic expression of G6PD reverses NO-induced apoptosis in G6PD-deficient fibroblasts, suggesting a pro-survival role for G6PD. Reduced G6PD activity in endothelial cells is associated with elevated ROS and decreased NO bioavailability [82] . Overexpression of G6PD in BAECs treated with bradykinin also enhances cGMP and NOS activity. This results in an increase in bioavailable NO [76] . NO availability is essential for the regulation of leukocyte adhesion in the endothelium [85]. G6PD-deficient endothelial cells display lower level of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), NO, and glutathione (GSH). Treatment of G6PD-deficient endothelial cells with high concentrations of glucose as a pro-atherosclerotic stimulus upregulates ICAM-1 and VCAM-1, as well as the oxidant markers, ROS, NOX4, and iNOS. By contrast, l-cysteine (a GSH precursor) attenuates these oxidative markers, suggesting that G6PD and GSH play a role in endothelial cell protection associated with NO availability [85] . LPS increases the mRNA expression of G6PD and glucose utilization of the PPP independent of iNOS in cultured rat astrocytes, while inhibition of NF-κB blocks the expression of G6PD and iNOS [83] . Inhibition of G6PD in rat astrocytes by DHEA prevents PPP activity and lowers Cells 2019, 8, of NADPH and the GSH/ glutathione disulfide (GSSG) ratio. The alteration of the GSH/GSSG ratio due to DHEA can be reversed by an iNOS inhibitor (AMT). These observations indicate that G6PD protects astrocytes from NO-mediated cell damage. Peroxynitrite is an NO-derived neurotoxin [86, 87] . It rapidly increases the activity of the PPP in neurons and astrocytes in primary culture, which leads to an increase in NADPH [84] . NO causes glutathione oxidation, NADPH consumption, and apoptosis in neurons but not astrocytes. Peroxynitrite treatment can counteract the effect caused by NO in neurons. Both endogenous and exogenous peroxynitrite induces G6PD activity in PC12 cells. Overexpression of G6PD confers resistance to NO-mediated apoptosis, while G6PD knockdown exacerbates cellular injury. Taken together, the cross-talk between G6PD and NO is crucial for cell protection. H S, an endogenous gasotransmitter, is involved in many biological functions, including neuronal regulation [88] , smooth muscle relaxation [89], vascular relaxation and blood pressure regulation [90], inflammation [91, 92] , cell death signaling [93], and metabolism [71,94,95]. Overstimulation of the β-adrenergic receptor (β-AR) by isoproterenol in hypertrophic cardiomyocytes rapidly reduces the endogenous H S level. Treatment with the H S agonist (NaHS or norepinephrine) to augment H S production suppresses the hypertrophy stimulated by the β-AR in cardiomyocytes [96] . Rats with transverse aortic constriction have approximately half the H S level compared to normal rats [96] . Treatment of NaHS enhances G6PD activity, while the G6PD inhibitor (6-AN or DHEA) decreases hypertrophic responses in cardiomyocytes. β-AR upregulates G6PD expression and activity in rats [96] . β-AR reduces cardiac p53, which negatively regulates G6PD by preventing G6PD dimerization [48] . G6PD inhibitors (either 6-AN or DHEA) reverse the β-AR-induced effect in rats with cardiac hypertrophy. Enhancing G6PD activity directly or inhibiting G6PD activity by p53 indicates that G6PD plays a critical role in mediating cardiac function regulated by H S. Global transcriptome analysis reveals that H S modulates an integrated metabolic network regulating cellular redox homeostasis. Consistent with these findings, several common biological processes emerging from the transcriptome data show that G6PD is a critical node modulating the effects among metabolic processes downstream of H S [96] . Carbon monoxide (CO) is also a gaseous signaling molecule produced in humans. The major roles of CO are the modulation of the cardiovascular system, inhibition of platelet aggregation and adhesion, and neuronal development [97] . Like NO and H S, CO is antiapoptotic, anti-inflammatory, and vasodilatory. It also promotes vascular growth [98] [99] [100] . The abnormal metabolism of CO has been associated with diseases, including heart failure, hypertension, inflammation, and neurodegeneration [101, 102] . Since CO is produced from hemoglobin by heme oxygenase and 2, it can be used as an index of heme catabolism [103] . Endogenous CO is increased in G6PD-deficient neonates with hyperbilirubinemia. CO may have a role in promoting neuronal differentiation, as the CO-releasing molecule (CORM-A1) enhances neuronal differentiation in neuroblastomas [104] . The PPP pathway in neuroblastomas is upregulated by CO, including 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (PGDH) from the oxidative branch of the PPP and transketolase (TKT) from the non-oxidative branch of the PPP. The concentration and activity of G6PD are also increased. Knockdown of G6PD reverses the effect of neuronal differentiation induced by CO [104]. This finding is indicative of a protective role of G6PD in the modulation of CO-induced neuronal development. Altered G6PD status is implicated in many cellular pathophysiological processes and diseases, including hypoxia, inflammation, microbial infection, sepsis, pulmonary vessel dilation, diabetes, hypertension, kidney disease, and brain injuries [24,30,. The PPP and glutathione-associated metabolic pathways are major antioxidant defense systems in cells. The regulation of these enzymes profoundly affects the development and clinical outcome of diseases. One of the pro-inflammatory conditions leading to vascular injuries is hyperglycemia. The pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-1β primes high glucose-induced vascular inflammation. In human aortic smooth muscle cells (HASMC), surplus glucose uptake can be activated by .	-0.1616143435239792	36.734657287597656	0
doi: bioRxiv preprint (13, 14). Although the precise mechanism of the final steps of rotavirus assembly is not well understood, it has been found that VP7 structure forms trimers on the surface of the virion in a calcium-dependent process (15)(16)(17)(18). Due to the high complexity of rotavirus replication, many of the cellular factors and molecular mechanisms involved in this process are poorly characterized. However, it has been recently reported that the coatomer protein I (COPI)/Arf1 machinery is essential for virus replication since knocking-down by RNA interference (RNAi) the expression of some of the proteins that integrate such machinery reduces virus replication (19, 20). Also, brefeldin A (BFA), an inhibitor of the COPI/Arf1-mediated vesicular transport, significantly impairs the rotavirus progeny yield (21). COPI is a protein complex formed by seven subunits (α, β, β´, δ, ε, γ and ζ-COP) that mediates the retrograde transport of vesicles from the Golgi apparatus to the ER (22-24). Besides its canonical functions in the secretory pathway, the COPI/Arf1 machinery also may participate in the maturation of early endosomes and in recycling proteins to the plasma membrane (25, 26), as well as in the maturation of phagosomes (27, 28) and peroxisomes (29). Furthermore, multiple reports suggest that the COPI/Arf1 machinery is also involved in transport events involved in the maturation and function of lipid droplets (LDs) (30-32). In the initial step of the COPI transport, the small GTPase Arf1 (ADP-ribosylation factor 1) is activated with a GTP molecule in a process catalyzed by the guanine nucleotide exchange factor GBF1 (Golgi-specific BFA resistance factor 1) located at the cis-Golgi membrane and the intermediate ER-Golgi compartment (ERGIC) (33). The activated Arf1-GTP associates with the Golgi membrane and promotes the recruitment of the preformed COPI complex as well as of the Arf1-GTPase-activating protein (Arf1GAP). The formation of Arf1-COPI-104	-2.1028964519500732	29.57515525817871	12
doi: bioRxiv preprint A goal of antimicrobial susceptibility testing is to predict the clinical success or failure of antibiotic therapy. Some infections are recalcitrant to drug treatment due to 'resistance', which refers to microbial growth in the presence of drug concentrations that inhibit susceptible isolates 1,2 . Susceptibility is commonly measured as the Minimal Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) after h of growth in the presence of drug 3,4 . Fungal infections generally follow the "90/60" rule for predicting therapeutic outcomes based on in vitro susceptibility testing: ~90% of susceptible isolates and 60% of resistant isolates respond to therapy 5-9 . This implies that infection outcomes are influenced by host factors as well as features of the pathogen that are not reflected by the MIC 10,11 . In effect, organisms that cause persistent infections, defined as those that are not cleared by a course of antifungal treatment, have similar susceptibilities to organisms that are readily cleared by a course of antifungal treatment . Accordingly, it is important to identify measurable parameters that can contribute to disease severity. Only four classes of antifungals are currently in clinical use, and resistance to azoles, including fluconazole (FLC), the most commonly administered antifungal against Candida species, is an increasing problem. Altered drug uptake/drug efflux and changes in ergosterol biosynthesis (the target for azole drugs) are the major known mechanisms of azole resistance. Stress responses have been proposed as a third mechanism of antifungal resistance . A broad range of small molecules enhance antifungal activity in vitro and in vivo, with inhibitors of Hsp90, calcineurin and TOR the most prominent among them 15-18 . Combination therapy using antifungals together with such inhibitors has been proposed as a promising strategy to extend the efficacy of current drugs [19][20][21][22][23][24]25,26,27 . In addition, several psychotherapeutic agents such as fluoxetine, fluphenazine or sertraline can enhance FLC activity against fungal species 21,28-30 . Whether such adjuvants affect therapeutic outcomes remains to be addressed. Persistent candidemia, defined as the failure to clear a bloodstream infection caused by a susceptible organism 12,31,32 , is associated with increased mortality. doi: bioRxiv preprint rate was 54% among infections with persistent candidemia and only 3% among those with non-76 persistent candidemia . Mechanisms underlying persistent candidemia may include variability in the pharmacology of the drug, suboptimal dosing, presence of fungal biofilms on indwelling catheters, and reduced immunity. We posit that some responses to the drug are not captured by measuring the MIC alone and that additional parameters could be used to predict the likelihood that a clinical isolate might respond poorly to antifungal drugs. Furthermore, understanding the mechanisms that underlie these parameters is critical for the development of new therapeutic approaches against persistent Candida infections. MIC measurements have been optimized to minimize or ignore residual fungal growth 9,34,35 , termed 'tolerance' or 'trailing growth', which has been discussed in the literature for over years 36,37 and is detected in 25-60% of clinical isolates 4,10,19,38-44 . This recommendation is based upon studies of acute infections using the mouse model of bloodstream candidiasis 45-87 , and the observation that isolates with high trailing growth in mucosal infections respond positively to short term antifungal treatment, despite later recurrence of infection . Trailing growth is sensitive to environmental conditions, including pH, temperature and nutrients 3,49,50 and is usually detected in liquid cultures. Definitions of 'tolerance' vary and generally describe survival or growth above inhibitory concentrations 2,10,28,38,51-56 , detected as slow growth within the zone of inhibition using E-strips or disk diffusion assays 57,58 , or in broth microdilution assays 38,39 . Tolerance can be affected by several adjuvant drugs 19-24 , iron levels 19,59 , genes involved in vacuolar protein sorting 38,47 , as well as calcium flux 28,55,59-61 . However, the precise relationship between the outcome of fungal infections and tolerance or trailing growth has not been determined. Because tolerant cells continue to divide in the presence of antifungals, we postulated that they contribute to the persistence and/or recurrence of fungal infections. Here, we measured susceptibility and tolerance in a broad range of clinical isolates spanning the major C. albicans clades 62-64 and asked how these parameters influence fungal infection outcomes. doi: bioRxiv preprint radius (RAD) of the zone of inhibition, a parameter that relates to the MIC , and the fraction of growth (FoG) within the zone of inhibition, a parameter that measures tolerance 19,38,50,66-68 . We found that a range of adjuvant drugs, used in combination with FLC, increased drug cidality by reducing FoG and not MIC and were effective both in vitro and in vivo at inhibiting strains with high (and not low) FoG levels. Finally, highly tolerant isolates were associated with persistent candidemia, suggesting that knowing the tolerance level of an infecting isolate may have important clinical implications and may inform treatment options. Results Tolerance measured as FoG is distinct from drug resistance. We quantified drug responses in C. albicans isolates from different genetic backgrounds and types of infections using diskImageR, a quantitative analysis tool that measures RAD, the radius of the zone of inhibition, an indicator of susceptibility that relates to MIC 69,70 , and FoG, the fraction of growth within the zone of inhibition, relative to the maximum possible growth (Fig. 1a) . A screen of clinical isolates (Supplementary Table ) revealed that FoG levels ranged widely from 0.10 to 0.85 and did not correlate with RAD levels (Fig. 1b,c) , indicating that FoG and RAD measure independent drug responses. FoG was detected in response to other drugs including fungistatic antifungals (azoles, 5-fluorocytosine) and, to a lesser degree, to fungicidal agents	-5.0716142654418945	11.237040519714355	11
doi: bioRxiv preprint Caenorhabditis elegans, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Schizosaccharomyces pombe, Escherichia coli K-12, Arabidopsis thaliana, Xenopus laevis and Drosophila melanogaster, as well as infectious microorganisms such as Brucella melitensis, Plasmodium falciparum, Helicobacter pylori, Chlamydia pneumonia, Staphylococcus aureus and viruses (15-28). Human ORFeomes have also been generated and made publicly available, with the latest version containing sequence-confirmed ORFs for more than 11,000 human genes (29). Most ORFeome libraries are created using the highly versatile Gateway™ cloning approach (30). The Gateway™ technology employs the recombination system of bacteriophage lambda with two sets of reactions: the BP reaction, catalysed by Gateway™ BP Clonase™, facilitates recombination between attB and attP sequences, and the LR reaction, catalysed by Gateway™ LR Clonase™, promotes recombination between attL and attR sequences (30). Previously, we have reported the development of a first generation C. albicans ORFeome, in which full-length ORFs, encoding signaling proteins (transcription factors and kinases), as well as cell wall proteins and proteins involved in DNA processes (repair, replication and recombination), were cloned in the Gateway™ vector pDONR207 (31). Here we describe the generation and validation of the latest Candida albicans ORFeome collection, which consists of 5,102 ORFs in pDONR207, allowing the transfer of the cloned genes into a variety of C. albicans Gateway™-compatible expression vectors. To this end, we also provide a panel of expression vectors that differ in the combination of promoter/selection marker they are carrying, and give different options regarding the tagging of the cloned gene product. These expression vectors have been validated using the filament-specific transcription factor UME6. In addition, we also provide a secondary collection of expression vectors with additional options regarding the choice of the promoter and the tagging of the cloned gene product.	-8.785877227783203	25.6138973236084	8
doi: bioRxiv preprint Coronaviruses encode an exoribonuclease (ExoN) that is important for viral replication, fitness, and virulence, yet coronaviruses with a defective ExoN (ExoN-AA) have not reverted under diverse experimental conditions. In this study, we identify multiple impediments to MHV-ExoN-47 AA reversion. We show that ExoN-AA reversion is possible but evolutionarily unfavorable. Instead, compensatory mutations outside of ExoN-AA motif I are more accessible and beneficial than partial reversion. We also show that coevolution between replicase proteins over long-term passage partially compensates for ExoN-AA motif I but renders the virus inhospitable to a reverted ExoN. Our results reveal the evolutionary basis for the genetic stability of ExoN-52 inactivating mutations, illuminate complex functional and evolutionary relationships between coronavirus replicase proteins, and identify potential mechanisms for stabilization of ExoN-AA coronavirus mutants.	-5.213079452514648	19.46580696105957	8
doi: bioRxiv preprint Existing evidence suggests that MERS-CoV may be originated from bats. In particular, Tylonycteris-BatCoV HKU4 spike protein was shown to utilize MERS-CoV receptor, human dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP4). To better understand the potential infectivities of MERS-CoV in bats, we developed primary bat cell lines from seven bat species, including Tylonycteris pachypus and Rhinolophus sinicus (host of Tylonycteris-BatCoV HKU4 and SARS-related-53 CoV respectively). MERS-CoV demonstrated much broader cellular tropism than SARS-CoV and HCoV-229E, being able to infect five cell lines, including R. sinicus but not T. pachypus cells. The close phylogenetic relationship between bat and human DPP4 genes supported the ability of MERS-CoV to infect bat cells, while DPP4 expression appeared critical for MERS-57 CoV replication. However, overexpression of T. pachypus DPP4 failed to confer MERS-CoV susceptibility in T. pachypus cells. The broad cellular tropism of MERS-CoV may reflect the host diversity of MERS-CoV-related viruses and offers insights into its ancestral origin.	12.479429244995117	9.790278434753418	4
doi: bioRxiv preprint IBV types. As such, the development of a pan-IBV sequencing method to rapidly determine the genotype(s) in samples would aid in lineage typing and tracking of IBV genotypes circulating in poultry flocks. Recently, third generation sequencing technology has been used for detection of viral nucleotides and sequencing ultra-long DNA molecules. The MinION Nanopore sequencer, a new DNA sequencing technology that allows for rapid, in-house, real-time technique detection and differentiation of IBV lineages, may be cost effective and useful in the field. Ampliconbased sequencing has also been used to amplify specific regions of Newcastle disease 3,13 , infectious laryngotracheitis virus Zika , Ebola and avian influenza viruses , by simple RT-PCR and then sequencing on the MinION device. Real-time data analysis, the lack of significant start-up cost investment or maintenance expenses, simultaneous and sequential multiplexing unique to MinION, and the ability to sequence long DNA molecules so that primers are in conserved regions while the product contains the variable region are the features that make this technology highly feasible to be used for disease diagnostics. Accurate identification of IBV genotypes from samples, including detection of multiple isolates from a single sample, is crucial to respiratory disease diagnosis, selection of appropriate IBV vaccines, and epidemiologic studies. Therefore, the aim of the current study is to create a single, amplicon-based protocol to sequence IBV-S1 gene and develop a sequence analysis workflow to identify IBV isolates from clinical swab samples. This method provides a useful assay for IBV and a model for the development of future amplicon sequencing (AmpSeq) based assays. A universal S1 primer set, tailed with the MinION universal adapter sequence of nucleotides (underlined, Table ) to allow barcoding of amplicons, was used for targeted amplification of the IBV S1 gene for IBV. The PCR reaction mixture (Expand High Fidelity PCR system, Roche Diagnostics, Mannheim, Germany) was composed of µl of cDNA, µl of µM forward primer, µl of µM reverse primer, 2.5 µl of 10× Expand high fidelity buffer, µl of Expand High Fidelity Enzyme Mix, and µl of 10mM dNTPs, to a final volume to µl with µl of nuclease-free water. The following thermocycling conditions were used for amplicon synthesis: denaturation at °C for min; cycles of °C for min, °C for min, and °C for minutes, and final extension at °C for min. See Table for details about all three primer sets used in this study. PCR products were electrophoresed in 1.5% agarose with SYBR Safe DNA gel stain (Invitrogen) for visual evaluation. Amplified DNA was purified by Agencourt AMPure XP beads (Beckman Coulter, USA) at 1.6:1 (volumetric bead:DNA) and quantified using the dsDNA High Sensitivity Assay Kit on a Qubit® Fluorimeter 3.0. The amplicons obtained from the tailed S1 primer set were then used to prepare MinIONcompatible DNA libraries. Briefly, each of the amplicons were diluted to 0.5 nM and amplified using barcoding primers (1D PCR Barcoding Amplicon Kit, Oxford Nanopore Technologies, [ONT], UK) and LongAmp Taq 2X Master Mix (New England Biolabs, MA, USA) with the following conditions: °C for min; cycles of °C for seconds, °C for seconds, °C for seconds; and °C for seconds. The barcoded amplicons were bead purified (1:1.4; bead:solution), pooled (Run1; pool of samples, Run2; pool of samples) into a single Centrifuge , Kraken , QIIME and Mothur have been used to identify and profile microbial species; however, the high error rate of Nanopore reads translates to poor classification accuracy for many of these tools. Alternatively, de novo 3,26 or reference-based assembly methods have been used in MinION and other deep sequencing platforms. Using a strategy similar to other unbiased laboratory tests (e.g., standard bacterial cultures), an approach was developed to maximize usage of reads (i.e., reads are not discarded based on pre-set length or abundance requirements, similar to how a single colony may be interpreted as a significant result). This approach uses read-based classification against a database containing an equal number of representative sequences per lineage to detect and classify the reads based on their lineage, before conducting read-based classification to the isolate level by using all available IBV sequences in a separate database. Finally, lineage-clustered isolate-level read assignments are interpreted by a veterinary diagnostician to result in reads available for consensus building. The use of a final consensus alignment helps to overcome the individual error rate of MinION sequencing. Similarly, the absence of predetermined metrics used in de novo assembly allows for the informed decision as to how many consensus sequences to build, a bioinformatics problem when dealing with clinical cases that can contain more than one isolate (e.g., similar to how there is not a predetermined number of significant bacterial colonies). Confirmatory followup tests (e.g., RT-PCR) may be needed when dealing with low number of reads in clinical samples; however, future testing of this new technology will allow for creating standards for such confirmatory testing. Taken together, these results suggest the application of MinION-based AmpSeq, specifically for detecting IBV isolates from clinical samples within a few days, compared to several days to weeks and multiple diagnostic assays to culture and detect multiple IBV	-0.7677668333053589	-5.429505348205566	6
doi: bioRxiv preprint In order to test if Rif R and Str R mutations generate DNA breaks, and whether DNA breaks contribute to the cost of resistance, we simultaneously measured competitive fitness and activation of the SOS response, a well-known proxy specific for the occurrence of DNA breaks (47,48). We carried out these assays in sensitive Escherichia coli, Str R strains (RpsL K43N , RpsL K43T , and RpsL K43R ), Rif R strains (RpoB H526L , RpoB H526Y , and RpoB S531F ), and double resistant mutants carrying the nine possible combinations of these resistance alleles. Remarkably, fourteen out of the fifteen resistant strains show increased SOS activation ( Figure 1A ), demonstrating that resistance mutations indeed cause DNA breaks. Moreover, the SOS induction strongly correlates with the cost of resistance, explaining 73% of its variation ( Figure 1B) , suggesting that DNA breaks are key contributors to the cost of resistance. To independently confirm the occurrence of DNA breaks in resistant bacteria, we used a system which permits direct visualization of double-stranded DNA ends by fluorescence microscopy (49). We combined this system with the SOS reporter, and analyzed a subset of resistant mutants and sensitive bacteria. As expected, this corroborated that resistance mutations indeed cause increased number of DNA breaks (Table 1, Figure S1 ). We then asked if resistance mutations involving a different mechanism which could lead to perturbations of transcription-translation coupling also generate DNA breaks. The commonly used antibiotic erythromycin targets the 50S ribosomal subunit, affecting translation and its coupling with transcription (50). Erythromycin resistance mutations (Erm R ) mapping to the genes rplD and rplV (encoding the 50S ribosomal subunit proteins L4 and L22, respectively) are known to reduce translation elongation rate (51,52), likely affecting transcription-translation coupling. We isolated Erm R clones carrying either RplD G66R or RplV Δ(82-84) mutations and found that both mutants show fitness cost and increased SOS ( Figure 1C ), demonstrating that other resistance mutations, with a double orbital shaking (set as "fast") in a Biotek SYNERGY H1 benchtop microplate reader, measuring OD600 every minutes during 24h. Adult C57BL/6J female mice (six to eight weeks old) were kept in ventilated cages under specified pathogen free (SPF) barrier conditions at the animal facility of the IGC. To overcome bacterial colonization resistance, mice were treated with streptomycin (5 g/L) in drinking water during seven days and then put on regular autoclaved water for two days to wash out the antibiotic from the intestine. The following day, animals were deprived of food and water during the hours prior to inoculation by oral gavage of µl of bacterial suspension containing ~10 cells. All animals were then individually-caged, with food and water being available ad libitum. Each animal (6 per group) was gavaged with a mix (9:1) of CFP-tagged sensitive (either WT or ΔrnhA) and YFP-labeled double resistant bacteria (either RpsL K43T RpoB H526Y or ΔrnhA RpsL K43T RpoB H526Y ). In order to obtain the bacterial suspensions, the strains were streaked individually onto appropriate antibiotic-supplemented LB agar plates and incubated overnight at 37°C. The next day, three independent colonies from each strain were inoculated separately in assay tubes containing 5ml of BHI broth supplemented with the appropriate antibiotic and bacterial cultures were grown overnight at 37°C with shaking (240 r.p.m). The next day, each bacterial culture was diluted 100-fold (20 µl of overnight culture in ml of fresh BHI broth, in ml flasks) and incubated at 37°C with shaking (240 r.p.m) until reaching an OD600 ≈ 2. Then the cultures were washed once with 1X PBS and Flow cytometry was used to assess the appropriate cells numbers and prepare bacterial mixes for gavage. Mouse fecal pellets were collected at hours after gavage, and afterwards on a daily basis during days, to analyze the loads and frequency of each strain colonizing the gut along time. Fecal samples were stored in 15% glycerol at -80°C. In order to measure the loads (CFUs/g of feces) and the frequency of each strain along the experiment,	-10.467727661132812	27.81275177001953	11
doi: bioRxiv preprint Newer efforts at syndrome-based surveillance [10-12] include BioSense (extraction of symptomatic data from electronic health records [13]), Google Flu (tracking of Internet search queries [14] but recently discontinued [15]), and Flu Near You (voluntary reporting [16]). Additionally, numerous next generation, syndromic surveillance systems; e.g., pharmacy sales records [17, 18], Twitter conversations [19, 20], and Wikipedia hits [21, 22], have come online in the past five years. However, these systems cannot report the specific pathogen causing an increase in a particular set of symptoms. Finally, there are more localized efforts such as GermWatch in Utah [23, 24] and the Electronic Clinical Laboratory Reporting System (ECLRS) in New York [25, 26] that draw from hospital (HIS) and laboratory (LIS) information systems. This disparity in technologies and data collection methods results in incomplete surveillance. Comprehensive and uniform diagnostic test data will aid in the identification of potential outbreaks. A combination of broad respiratory pathogen testing and an internal electronic surveillance system enabled the rapid dissemination of data across the largest health care system in New York, the North Shore-LIJ Health System (now Northwell Health) during the influenza A H1N1-2009 pandemic in the New York City area. Pathogen-specific molecular testing permitted rapid a) notification to state epidemiologists; b) tracking of the virus so that health care resources could be managed effectively; and c) evaluation of influenza diagnostics [27, 28] . Today, with the threat of emerging pathogens such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome	-26.190927505493164	-27.27446937561035	2
doi: bioRxiv preprint Our method is a novel way to infer transmission dynamics in any dataset when only a subset of cases has rich contact investigation and/or genetic data.	-21.505300521850586	-16.933650970458984	6
doi: bioRxiv preprint RESULTS TRIM25 directly interacts with RNA through the PRY/SPRY domain.	-5.622261047363281	26.89711570739746	8
doi: bioRxiv preprint Zika virus (ZIKV) is mainly transmitted to humans via infected mosquitoes, though other transmission routes, such as through placenta and sexual intercourse can also occur 1,2 . Recently, the considerable increase in ZIKV infection rates has raised urgent global urgent concerns, especially after the outbreaks in Yap Islands (2007) 3,4 , French Polynesia (2013) 5,6 , Easter Island (2014) , and Brazil (2015) 8,9 . These ZIKV outbreaks were associated with a sharp increase in cases of Guillain Barre Syndrome (GBS), an autoimmune disease featured by weakening and paralysis of the limbs and face. In 2015, Zika spread to South and Central America, infecting thousands of people in Brazil and Colombia, where it was associated with an increase in GBS rates as well as a significant increase in severe fetal abnormalities including spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, hydrocephaly, microcephaly, hydranencephaly/hydrops fetalis, and placental insufficiency 10-14 . ZIKV is a small, enveloped positive-strand RNA virus . The genomic RNA of this mosquito-borne flavivirus contains a single open reading frame (ORF) that encodes a polyprotein 16,17 . This polyprotein undergoes co-and post-translational processing to produce three structural proteins, which are capsid (C), pre-membrane (prM) and envelope (E), in addition to seven non-structural proteins (NS1, NS2A, NS2B, NS3, NS4A, NS4B, and NS5) 17,18 . Of the three structural proteins, E is the major surface glycoprotein, containing three domains (I, II, III) and two transmembrane helices 17-19 . The majority of flaviviruses E proteins are post-62 translationally modified by N-glycans at amino acid 153/154 within a highly conserved glycosylation motif of N-X-T/S at positions 154-156 (where X is any amino acid except proline) . This is a primary target of neutralizing antibodies and is required for virus entry . Previously, it was demonstrated that the N-glycosylation sites on the E protein of flaviviruses are highly conserved (Supplementary Fig. doi: bioRxiv preprint two ZIKV E proteins from African lineage strains, MR766 and IbH, displayed similar N-glycan profiles across the six cell lines that were tested (Supplementary Fig. 4a, b) . When produced in C6/36, Vero, THP-1, and SNB19 cells, these N-glycan profiles were heavily dominated by sialylated glycans. For these four cell lines, bi-and tri-sialylated tri-antennary N-glycans (3241.8 m/z and 3603.0 m/z) were the most abundant found on ZIKV E, followed by bi-sialylated bi-106 antennary (2792.5 m/z) and tetra-sialylated tri-antennary (3964.2 m/z) N-glycans (Supplementary Fig. 4a, b) . ZIKV E produced in SNB19 cells was also found to be decorated with Man5 (1579.9 m/z), agalactosylated bisected (1907.1 m/z), core-fucosylated non-sialylated bi-antennary (2244.3 m/z), and core-fucosylated mono-sialylated bi-antennary (2605.5 m/z) N-110 glycans (Supplementary Fig. 4a, b). When expressed in the LLC-MK2 and JEG-9 cell lines, the N-glycan profiles of MR766 and IbH strains of E were markedly different. When produced in LLC-MK2 cells, bi-sialylated bi-antennary (2792.5 m/z) and core-fucosylated agalactosylated (1836.0 m/z) N-glycans were by far the two most abundant glycan species (Supplementary Fig. 4a, b). More complex N-glycans, with three or more sialic acids and additional lactosamine repeats, were not identified in ZIKV E expressed in LLC-MK2 cells. Finally, the ZIKV E produced in JEG-3 cells revealed a different N-glycosylation pattern between MR766 and IbH strains. While the di-and tri-sialylated N-glycans (2792.5, 3241.8, and 3603.0 m/z) were the most abundant for the MR766 ZIKV-E produced in JEG-3, the variety of N-glycans identified in JEG-3 cells was greater, notably including Man GlcNAc (1579.9 m/z), Man GlcNAc (1784.0 m/z), Man GlcNAc (1988.1 m/z), Man GlcNAc (2192.2 m/z), asialo bi-antennary (2070.2 m/z), and core fucosylated asialo-bi-antennary (2244.3 m/z) N-glycans (Supplementary Fig. In contrast, the IbH strain produced in the JEG-3 cells displayed a more restricted N-glycan profile, with the notable absence of sialylated N-glycans and with the core fucosylated asialo-bi-124	-8.571084022521973	35.01924514770508	11
doi: bioRxiv preprint characterized by a defined sequence motif (19) rendering it difficult to identify new escaping transcripts by traditional sequence search. Consequently, the host vs. viral endonuclease dichotomy to only defining characteristic of this novel type of RNA element.	-7.120942115783691	18.85445213317871	8
doi: bioRxiv preprint cocirculating globally (7). Gene reassortment between the two lineages is common yet not seen for the HA, PB1 and PB2 gene segments (7). Whereas IAV is widespread in birds and mammals (8), IBV is restricted to humans with no sustained animal reservoir (9) and only rare spillover events (10). When a zoonotic IAV enters the human population, adaptive changes in multiple viral proteins are required to achieve sustained human-to-70 human transmissibility (11). Which adaptive features were acquired by IBV as a result of its long existence in humans has hardly been investigated (9). One major protein involved in this host adaptation is the viral hemagglutinin (HA), the mediator of viral entry (12, 13). HA binds to sialylated glycans on the cell surface to enable virus uptake by endocytosis. Next, HA mediates fusion of the viral envelope and endosomal membrane, allowing release of the viral genome into the cytoplasm. doi: bioRxiv preprint late (pH ~5) endosomes, providing the low pH trigger for drastic refolding of HA and expulsion of its fusion peptide (14). To gain membrane fusion-competence, HA relies on host cell proteases for posttranslational cleavage of the HA0 precursor into two polypeptides, HA1 and HA2, a process termed priming or activation (15). In human IAV and IBV strains, HA0 has a monobasic (single arginine) cleavage site that is recognized by trypsin-like serine proteases. Understanding the protease dependency of HA might reveal biological differences between IAV and IBV, and direct drug concepts to target these proteases for influenza therapy (16, 17). A series of proteases have been proposed for IAV (reviewed by Böttcher-Friebertshäuser et al. (18)), but for IBV hardly any information is available. The type II transmembrane serine protease (TTSP) TMPRSS2 (transmembrane protease serine 2) is an activator of IAV HA0 in cell culture and essential for IAV replication in mice, at least for some IAV subtypes (19-22). In humans, a gene polymorphism leading to higher TMPRSS2 expression was correlated with the risk for developing severe influenza (23). In cell culture, IAV can also be activated by some other TTSPs and kallikreins, but which of these support spread of IAV in human airways remains to be demonstrated [reviewed in: (16, 24)]. Regarding IBV, TMPRSS2 was shown to cleave IBV HA0 (17) and mediate virus spread in some human airway cell culture models (25), however this protease appeared dispensable for IBV pathogenesis in mice (26). Hence, the protease recognition profile of IBV HA is largely unknown. Two other adaptive features of HA are related to its pH-and temperature-dependence. Again, data for IBV are very limited. Successful virus replication and transmission require a balance between the low pH that triggers HA refolding and membrane fusion during viral entry, and acid-stability of progeny virus in the respiratory tract and environment (27, 28). doi: bioRxiv preprint Extracellular virions are sensitive to inactivation in mildly acidic parts of the upper respiratory tract (URT) like the nasal cavity (27, 29, 30). The acid-stability of HA appears to increase when a zoonotic IAV enters the human population and evolves into a human-105 to-human transmissible strain (31, 32). Studies in ferrets showed that increased IAV HA acid-stability contributes to airborne transmissibility (31, 33, 34). In addition, human airways exhibit a temperature gradient, from ~30-32°C in the nasal mucosa (35), to ~32°C in the upper trachea and ~36°C in the bronchi (36). Avian IAVs, adapted to the temperature of the avian enteric tract (40°C), show restricted growth at cooler temperatures (~32°C). Whereas the temperature dependency is fairly understood for the	4.575798511505127	24.73293113708496	12
doi: bioRxiv preprint continents 5, . The H1N1 flu, which caused around 300,000 deaths worldwide , had a similar timeline. The first confirmed case of H1N1 was reported in Veracruz, Mexico on April 2009, while within few days the infection migrated to the US and Europe, and two months later the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) declared the disease as a global pandemic. Bacteria, pathogens and viruses are also transmitted easily at airports or during flights, causing infections and bacterial diseases that can expand to global epidemics. The pathogens are transmitted through the air , resulting in the contagion of airborne diseases, or through physical contact between individuals. The transmission is accelerated when a dense population of people is concentrated in a confined area like an airport, with lack of good hygiene and efficient air ventilation. After an outbreak, infections diffuse while infected individuals transmit the disease to susceptible individuals. Airports play a major role in such contagious dynamics , as they contribute daily to the contact of people from all over the world, some of whom may be carrying endemic infections and bacteria from their country of origin. In addition, there are numerous highly contaminated surfaces which are frequently touched by the passengers at airports and inside aircrafts . Self-service check-in screens, gate bench armrests, water fountain buttons and door handles at airports, as well as seats, tray tables and handles of lavatories in aircrafts, are all known to have high microbial contamination 12-14 . Mitigation strategies are designed and implemented to inhibit a global pandemic. At the individual level there is a focus on behavioral change towards adopting different interventions in the case of a health emergency 15, . Along with other developments in medicine, vaccination has made a big contribution in that direction leading to the extinction of past epidemics and a significant reduction of mortality due to specific infections . Vaccination has a substantial mitigating effect when effective vaccines are available soon enough after the emergence of a new disease and when vaccination campaigns cover about 70% of a susceptible population . However, despite the known impact of vaccines on the reduction of infections, the rate of vaccination in the population has remained unchanged over the past decade . Social nudges such as peer effects or education on vaccination benefits, and changes in the design of vaccination campaigns, can be deployed to change human behavior towards the increase of influenza vaccination rates . In addition of preventing disease spreading by vaccination, isolating patients at home or closure of high-risk places like schools can moderate the transmission of disease-causing pathogenic microorganisms. Several actions within the world air transportation network can be implemented to control a disease spreading in the case of a health emergency . At the global scale, mobility-driven interventions such as airport closures and deliberate rerouting of the travelers, can reduce the number of individuals passing through or traveling from/to regions where dangerous diseases prevail . At the local scale, actions at individual airports such as frequent cleaning of public areas (e.g. toilets, gates, check-in desks, etc. ), efficient air ventilation and enhanced sensitization of frequently touched surfaces can reduce the risk of contamination and the transmission of infections. Furthermore, personal hygiene is the most important factor to prevent the spread of an infection . Coughing etiquette, face masks, no face touch and hand hygiene are the most common actions that air travelers can easily adopt. From those actions, hand washing is the simplest and most effective component for preventing the transmission of viruses 24-27 and bacteria, and is regularly mentioned as the first recommendation of precautions in health care (see for example ). A scientific study on the effects of hand washing on the bacterial contamination of hands, showed that after a deliberate contamination of individuals by touching door handles and railings in public places, bacteria were found in 44% of the sample, while this percentage was reduced to 23% after hand washing with water only, and to 8% after hand washing with water and plain soap . The same study concluded also that the effect of hand washing does not depend on the bacteria species. While hand hygiene is considered as the first prevention step in the case of an epidemic emergency, there is lack of evidence for its effects as a mitigation strategy against global epidemic spreading. In this work, we study contagion dynamics through the world air transportation network and we elucidate the impact of hand-hygiene behavioral changes on the diffusion of infections worldwide. We develop a computational model to track the realistic mobility patterns of air travelers, their hand washing behavior and the dynamics of epidemic spreading. Human mobility is modelled by a stochastic agent-base system that accounts for the spatial distribution of airports, the realistic human mobility through the world air transportation network, and the waiting-time distributions of individuals at origin, destination and connecting airports. In addition, we develop a compartmental epidemic model which relates the disease spreading with hand-hygiene behaviour. Using Monte-Carlo simulations we assess the impact of hand washing at the early stages of a global epidemic spreading. From the simulation results, we measure the early-time spreading power of the busiest airports under four different intervention scenarios: 1. increase of hand washing engagement homogeneously at all airports; 2. increase of hand washing engagement only at the source of the disease; 3. increase of hand washing engagement at the ten most important airports of the world air transportation network; and 4. increase of hand washing engagement at the ten most important airports for each source of the disease. The aim of this study is to identify the most effective mitigation strategy of hand hygiene contributing the most to the reduction of global epidemic spreading.	-17.491188049316406	-24.15676498413086	2
doi: bioRxiv preprint diseases [1]. Traditionally considered a problem for tropical regions, mosquitoes are increasingly becoming a global public health challenge [2, 3] due to a changing global environment, urbanization, increases in the global movement of populations, and the emergence of insecticide resistance [4]. Estimates suggest nearly half the world's population is at risk for mosquito-borne diseases [5, 6], and as such, there is an urgent need for novel approaches to reduce the burden of disease. doi: bioRxiv preprint traditional morphological-based approaches cannot detect associated symbionts or pathogens. These limitations restrict widespread accessibility and necessitate sample preservation and transport. On the other end of the spectrum, immunoassay-based tools for identifying pathogen-93 infected mosquitoes, such as VecTest TM dipsticks (Medical Analysis Systems Inc.), are portable and inexpensive. However, these tests have poor sensitivity [23-25] and are not necessarily available for distinguishing mosquito species or identifying Wolbachia endosymbionts. Nucleic acid tests can provide the necessary sensitivity and versatility for identifying both Wolbachia and mosquito species. However, since molecular testing is currently heavily reliant on PCR [26-28], opportunities for field-based determinations are limited, leading to significant delays and gaps in actionable surveillance. To support widespread vector surveillance inexpensive, portable, nucleic acid diagnostic platforms are needed that rapidly produce accurate results without requiring complex procedures, instruments, and laboratory infrastructure. In this regard, isothermal nucleic acid amplification assays such as loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) have begun to be employed because they do not require complex thermocycling instruments [29][30][31]. However, although LAMP can rival PCR for sensitivity it often produces spurious amplicons, which in turn lead to false positive readouts with non-specific reporters such as Mg 2+ precipitation or fluorescent dye intercalation [32][33][34]. To mitigate the spurious signals that arise with LAMP, we have previously applied principles that were developed for nucleic acid strand exchange circuits [35][36][37][38] to the design of short hemiduplex oligonucleotide strand displacement (OSD) probes for LAMP [39]. The single stranded 'toehold' regions of OSD probes bind to LAMP amplicon loop sequences, and then signal via strand exchange [40] that leads to separation of a fluorophore and quencher [39]. OSDs are the functional equivalents of TaqMan probes and can specifically report single or multiplex LAMP amplicons without interference from non-specific nucleic acids or inhibitors [39, 41]. OSDs significantly enhance the diagnostic applicability of LAMP, allowing it to match the allelic specificity	-1.9901398420333862	-4.602428913116455	6
doi: bioRxiv preprint features. In addition, to keep the paper reader-friendly, we relegate the mathematical details of our model to a Technical Methods section at the end of the paper and the algorithmic details to a supporting online file (SOF). In the Results section, we report the results of simulations of several illustrative scenarios, and in the Discussion section we present the findings in the form of a quantitative narrative that provides insights into the role different processes play in creating the population patterns observed in our simulations. At this point, a few brief remarks on quantitative narratives in disease ecology are in order. Unlike the canonical theories of physics-with kinematics, electromagnetism, general relativity, and quantum mechanics providing prime examples, ecology has no fundamental theories and associated mathematical formulations that can be used to develop an ecological epistemology. Rather, the complexity of the field induced by the plethora of processes involved requires that we focus only on a limited number of these processes when building models, where the selection of process depends on the questions at hand [11]. Our understanding of these processes requires an analysis of associated quantitative formulations, but the soundness of the arguments cannot be adjudicated by comparing, say, the accuracy of Mercury's orbit as predicted by Newtonian versus Einsteinian physics. Rather, ecological epistemology is woven from a collection of quantitative narratives that provide current best explanations for, or fits to, observed empirical and experimental data. While statistical null models are use to develop consilient empirical and experimental narratives, dynamic null models are used to develop quantitative narratives that are consilient with empirical and experimental narratives (Fig. Such dynamic null models have a Goldilocks quality in the sense of containing just the right amount of biological process detail [42]: too little and model simulations are rejected as providing adequate descriptions of observed data; too much process detail and the null-model-parsimony principle, as discussed by Gotteli and Graves ( [42], p. 6), is violated. Fig 1. A sketch of the role of empirical, experimental and quantitative narratives in the formulation of canons and construction of syntheses in the development of an ecological epistemology. In ecology, quantitative narratives, derived from the Gause-Lotka-Volterra competition model, were used to construct the concept of a niche [43]. This narrative begins with insights into competitive exclusion [44, 45], supported by additional quantitative ideas relating to niche breadth and overlap [46, 47]. In epidemiology, quantitative narratives, derived from analyses of SEIR epidemic models (S: susceptible; E: exposed but not yet infectious; I: infections; R: removed-that is, recovered with immunity or dead) [13] , have been used to identify critical differences in the emergence of outbreak thresholds depending on whether pathogen transmission is dependent on quantitative narratives in epidemiology that incorporate aspects of the movement of individuals [50] or particular ecological processes have been used to develop canonical theories [51][52][53][54][55]; however, these are limited in scope and generality by the analytical difficulties of studying dynamical systems, as well as networks that include more than one ecological or behavioral process. The challenge here is to keep the models somewhat general and broadly applicable, while including several key processes such as: spatial demography; consumer-resource ecology with associated reproduction, growth, stress, and mortality processes; movement and contact behavior; and SEIR epidemiology, in ways that are simple enough to interpret the effects of each process. Sensitivity analyses provide one type of approach to separating out effects [56][57][58][59]. Another is to use methods relating to the practice of appropriate complexity modeling [11, 12] . Methods The model we present here only incorporates the focal processes of interest and those needed to attain a level of realism required to adequately address the questions at hand. Thus, for example, we do not include agent age structure in the model even though age structure is known to have important effects on population growth patterns [60], persistence [61], and epidemics [62]. Agent age structure would certainly add complexity to our narratives; but, whether its impacts are critical (i.e., it qualitatively changes the structures we explain) or only elaborative (i.e., has quantitative but not qualitative implications regarding the questions asked) is a issue to be examined in future studies. For clarity, we enumerate below-without mathematical details-the processes incorporated in our model, leaving such details to the Technical Methods Section at the end of the paper. Aspects of the Numerus Model Builder construction of the model and the generated NovaScript (extended JavaScript language) implementation are provided in a Supporting Information file. 2.1 Model Outline The model is formulated as a set of agents (individuals) moving over a cellular array. The agents themselves can be differentiated with respect to type (e.g., sex), can undergo discrete state transitions (e.g., disease state) and can also change continuously over time with respect an agent-level state vector. In our case, the latter contains the variables "mass" (also a surrogate for fitness) and "stress" (which accumulates when the individual is unable to meet its resource needs each time period). The cells in the cellular array may also have relatively complex states that, in our model, include a list of the agents in each cell and the level of a dynamically responding resource, which determines the environmental context for the agents. Movement of agents occurs under the assumption that, apart from reproduction, ecological and epidemiological processes are independent of agent type. More specifically, in our model, the following objects and concepts apply: Simulation world. This is the set of agents moving over a hexagonal cellular array (we use a toroidal topology to eliminate boundary effects).	-16.5279541015625	-12.776739120483398	5
doi: bioRxiv preprint media coverage, but subsequently exhibited an activity profile that suggests nonlinear dependencies and memory effects in the relation between information seeking, media pressure, and disease dynamics. This calls for a new and more general modelling framework to describe the interaction between media exposure, public awareness and disease dynamics during epidemic outbreaks.	-21.633516311645508	-14.408889770507812	5
doi: bioRxiv preprint mediators of NK cell activation. Altogether, these data suggest that non-neutralizing antibody functions, including virion phagocytosis, likely played a role in the observed 50% vaccine-47 mediated protection against HCMV acquisition.	6.791264533996582	31.89525604248047	0
doi: bioRxiv preprint model, we estimated a median size of 85.0 cases (95% prediction interval: 53.5, 216.6). Conclusions: This outbreak has the potential to be the largest outbreak in DRC since 2007. Vaccines are projected to limit outbreak size and duration but are only part of prevention, control, and care strategies.	-13.399881362915039	-32.205543518066406	2
doi: bioRxiv preprint rate as non-frameshifting RNA (~2 aa/sec), and can continuously frameshift for more than four rounds of translation. Fits to a bursty model of frameshifting constrain frameshifting kinetic rates and demonstrate how ribosomal traffic jams contribute to the persistence of the frameshifting state. These data provide novel insight into retroviral frameshifting and could lead to new strategies to perturb the process in living cells.	-8.725191116333008	20.71309471130371	8
doi: bioRxiv preprint significantly higher diffusive transport of phage than negative control through in vitro tumor ECM. Through alanine mutagenesis, we confirmed that the hydrophilicity, charge, and their spatial ordering impact diffusive transport. P4 phage clone exhibited almost 200-fold improved uptake in ex vivo pancreatic tumor xenografts compared to the negative control. Nanoparticles coated with P4 exhibited ~40-fold improvement in diffusivity in pancreatic tumor tissues, and P4-coated particles demonstrated less hindered diffusivity through the ECM compared to particles functionalized with gold standard poly(ethylene) glycol or iRGD peptide ligand. By leveraging the power of molecular diversity using phage display, we can greatly expand the chemical space of surface chemistries that can improve the transport of nanomedicines through the complex tumor microenvironment to ultimately improve their efficacy. Quantification Amplification Screening of phage-presenting peptide library through a tumor ECM model Identification and selection of potential peptide using nextgeneration sequencing Selection of a faster diffusing clone through in vitro validation using Transwell and multichannel diffusion assay Ex vivo uptake validation of the selected clone followed by comparison of diffusivity of peptide-coated nanoparticle with gold standards using multiple particle tracking	21.167715072631836	31.046463012695312	11
doi: bioRxiv preprint which cleaves the viral replicase polyprotein, and also DUB activity (de-conjugating ubiquitin/ubiquitin-like molecules from modified substrates) using identical catalytic residues. To separate the DUB activity from the protease activity, we employed a structure-guided mutagenesis approach and identified residues that are important for ubiquitin-binding. We found that mutating the ubiquitin-binding residues results in a PLP2 that has reduced DUB activity but retains protease activity. We engineered a recombinant murine coronavirus to express the DUB mutant and showed that the DUB mutant virus activated an earlier type I interferon response in macrophages and exhibited reduced pathogenesis in mice. The results of this study demonstrate that PLP2/DUB is an interferon antagonist and a virulence trait of coronaviruses. Coronaviruses (CoVs) are members of the order Nidovirales, which includes enveloped viruses with large (~30kb), positive-sense single-stranded RNA genomes that yield a characteristic nested set of subgenomic mRNAs during replication in the cytoplasm of infected cells (1, 2). The genome organization for coronaviruses is highly conserved, with the 5'-most two-thirds of the genome encoding the replicase polyprotein, followed by sequences encoding the canonical structural proteins: spike, envelope, membrane, and nucleocapsid. Many CoVs contain accessory genes, which are interspersed among the genes for the structural proteins. Although these accessory genes are not necessarily required for virus replication and are, in general, not highly conserved within the virus family, many encode proteins that regulate the host response (3). Interestingly, coronavirus replicase proteins, which are highly conserved, can also act as antagonists to block or delay the host innate immune response to infection (1, 4-8). That a slew of coronavirus-encoded accessory and non-accessory proteins have been shown to shape the host antiviral response suggests that viral-mediated subversion of host defenses is an important element of infection. doi: bioRxiv preprint we focus on the viral protease/deubiquitinase (DUB) with the goal of assessing the role of DUB activity in shaping the pathogenesis of mouse hepatitis virus (MHV), a model murine coronavirus. Coronavirus proteases are essential for viral replication as they are responsible for processing the replicase polyprotein (2,(9)(10)(11). Murine coronavirus MHV encodes three proteases: two papain-like proteases (PLP1 and PLP2) and one chymotrypsin-like protease (3CLpro, also termed Mpro). MHV PLP2 is similar to the single papain-like protease (termed PLpro) of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) (9, 12-16). We and others have revealed that PLP2 or PLpro of multiple coronaviruses, including MHV, are multifunctional, not only capable of cleaving the viral polyprotein but also possessing deubiquitinase (DUB) and deISGylating (de-conjugating ISG15 molecule from modified substrates) activities (9, 12, 13, 15-27). However, it has been challenging to study the effects of a mutated DUB on virus replication and pathogenesis because the protease and DUB activities share the same catalytic site, disruption of which is lethal for virus replication. Therefore, it was necessary for us to identify residue(s) within the MHV protease/DUB-ubiquitin binding surface that can be mutated to result in reduced DUB activity without affecting polyprotein processing. In this report, we describe the X-ray structure-guided identification of such residues and evaluate the replication, IFN antagonistic effect, and pathogenesis of a recombinant DUB mutant MHV. Results Structure-guided identification of PLP2 residues interacting with ubiquitin. doi: bioRxiv preprint preserving the enzyme's deISGylating and protease activities, the latter being necessary for viral replication. X-ray structural studies of SARS-and MERS-CoV papain-like protease/DUBs co-85 crystalized with ubiquitin modified at the c-terminus with a covalent warhead (aldehyde, 3-bromo- propylamine, or propargylamine) allowed for identification of residues that are important for direct interaction with ubiquitin (17, 18, 20). Here, we took a slightly different approach and mutated the catalytic cysteine (C1716) of MHV PLP2 to a serine residue and co-crystallized it with free ubiquitin. The X-ray structure of MHV PLP2 (C1716S) in complex with ubiquitin was determined to a resolution of 1.85 Å and an overall Rfree = 19.6% and Rwork = 15.8% (PDB: 5WFI). The overall structure of the MHV PLP2-ubiquitin complex is similar to other PLP2/PLpro ubiquitin-bound structures (Fig. Ubiquitin binds within the palm region and is gripped by the zinc-fingers motif while the C-terminus extends into the active site. Next, we aligned the primary amino acid sequence of the MHV PLP2 domain with the SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV papain-like protease domains (Fig. 1E) . The sequence alignment and X-ray structure of the MHV PLP2-ubiquitin complex were then analyzed in conjunction with the previous structural and mutagenesis studies on SARS-and MERS-CoV to identify candidate residues that could be mutated to render a loss of DUB activity in vitro. From this analysis, we identified three residues (R1803, D1772, F1812) in MHV PLP2 that form direct interactions with ubiquitin (Fig. 1B-D) . Two of the side chain guanidinium nitrogens of R1803 form direct hydrogen bonds with the backbone carbonyl oxygen of A46 in ubiquitin (Fig. 1B) . The two side chain carboxylate oxygens of D1772 in MHV PLP2 interact with ubiquitin by forming direct bonds with each of the guanidinium nitrogens of R42 and with one of the guanidinium nitrogens of R72 (Fig. Finally, F1812 forms Van der Waals contacts with the side chains of I44 and V70 and the delta-carbon of R42 of ubiquitin (Fig. 1D) . To identify a mutant MHV PLP2 enzyme that retains protease activity but exhibits reduced DUB and/or deISGylating activity, we performed site-directed mutagenesis on each of the residues (R1803, D1772, F1812) by changing each to an alanine to disrupt interactions with ubiquitin. Each mutant enzyme was expressed, purified, and tested for its ability to hydrolyze three substrates: z-RLRGG-AMC, Ub-AMC, and ISG15-AMC. The activity of each mutant enzyme toward each substrate relative to the wild-type enzyme is shown in Fig. 2A . All three mutants retained their ability to hydrolyze the peptide substrate but each mutant had altered specificity toward Ub-AMC and ISG15-AMC substrates. Mutation of F1812 resulted in a substantial decrease in hydrolysis of both Ub-AMC and ISG15-AMC (Class I), whereas mutation of R1803 resulted in loss of activity only toward ISG15-AMC (Class II), and mutation of D1772 resulted in loss of activity only toward Ub-AMC (Class III). doi: bioRxiv preprint glycerophosphate, 1mM sodium orthovanadate, µg/mL leupeptin, and 1mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride). Whole cell lysates were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred to PVDF membrane in transfer buffer (0.025M Tris, 0.192M glycine, 20% methanol) for hour at Volts at 4°C. Following this, the membrane was blocked using 5% dried skim milk in TBST buffer (0.9% NaCl, 10mM Tris-HCl, pH7.5, 0.1% Tween 20) overnight at 4°C. The membrane was incubated with either polyclonal rabbit anti-GFP antibody (A11122, Life Technologies) for the protease assay, or mouse anti-flag (F3165, Sigma) for the DUB assay. The membrane was then washed three times for minutes in TBST buffer followed by incubation with either secondary donkey anti-rabbit-HRP antibody (711-035-152, Jackson ImmunoResearch) or goat anti-mouse-342 HRP antibody (1010-05, SouthernBiotech). Then the membrane was washed three more times for minutes in TBST buffer. Detection was performed using Western Lighting Chemiluminescence Reagent Plus (PerkinElmer) and visualized using a FluoroChemE Imager (Protein Simple). The expression of PLP2, β-actin, and calnexin were probed with mouse anti-V5 antibody (R960, ThermoFisher), mouse anti-β-actin (A00702, Genscript), or mouse anti-calnexin antibody (2433S, Cell Signaling), respectively. Biosensor live cell assay The protease activity of PLP2 was also assessed using a biosensor live cell assay as described previously (14). Briefly, HEK293T cells in a black-wall plate were transfected with 37.5 ng pGlo-RLKGG construct and ng PLP2 expression plasmids. GloSensor (E1290, Promega) reagent diluted in DMEM+10% FCS was added at hpi. Plates were read using a luminometer (Veritas) every hour over a course of hours.	-3.542503595352173	26.189064025878906	12
entry portal may vary depending on tissue/cell characteristics. These differences may affect the host range, pathogenicity, and cell/tissue specificity (1). Host proteases prime coronaviral S proteins. For example, trypsin-mediated cleavage in the small intestine is required for entry of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (36), while a number of coronaviruses from different genera (including HCoV-OC43, HCoV-HKU1, murine hepatitis virus [MHV], MERS-CoV, and infectious bronchitis virus [IBV]) possess a furin cleavage site (37-41). Kam et al. showed that SARS-CoV S protein can be cleaved by plasmin; however, there is almost no biological evidence for its role in vivo (42). Cathepsins may also act as S protein-activating enzymes. Indeed, cathepsin L processes the S proteins of SARS-104 CoV, MERS-CoV, HCoV-229E, and MHV-2 (43-46). However, recent reports show that, in vivo, respiratory coronaviruses may be activated by the TMPRSS2 protease, which enables endocytosis-independent internalization, thereby re-shaping the entry process (45, 47-50). While laboratory strains require priming by cathepsins, S proteins of clinical isolates (e.g., HCoV-229E and HCoV-OC43) undergo TMPRSS2-mediated cleavage at the cell surface, which enables them to fuse with the cell membrane on the cell surface (51). A recent study by Shirato et al. demonstrates that coronaviruses may lose their ability to infect naturally permissive HAE cultures during cell culture adaptation because the S gene evolves and adjusts to the proteolytic landscape of the immortalized cells (51). Here, we identified a protease belonging to the tissue kallikrein (KLK) family as a new player essential for HCoV-HKU1 entry to the target cell. The KLK family comprises closely related serine proteases with trypsin-or chymotrypsin-like specificity. The expression of these enzymes is tightly regulated, and each tissue has its own unique KLK expression profile. These enzymes play a role in a diverse range of processes during embryonic development to adulthood (52-56), and some have been linked to human cancers (57-60). important factor pre-determining the cell and tissue specificity of the virus, but also regulating the interspecies transfers. Further, the data presented herein bring us a step closer to developing a convenient in vitro culture model and possibly identifying the cellular receptor for this virus. It is also of importance that presented data may be relevant for the emerging coronaviruses and may help to understand the differences in their zoonotic potential. First, we asked whether HCoV-HKU1 infection modulates the expression of human KLKs. HAE cultures were infected with HCoV-HKU1 or mock-inoculated. At h post-130 inoculation (p.i. ), cells were collected and the expression of mRNAs encoding KLKs was analyzed. We detected the expression of KLK7, KLK8, KLK10, KLK11, and KLK13 in non-infected fully differentiated cultures. However, the pattern in HCoV-HKU1-infected cells was different: we detected an upregulation of KLK7, KLK8, KLK10, KLK11 and KLK13. Further, KLK1, KLK5, KLK6, KLK9, KLK12 and KLK14 were expressed in the infected cells. KLK2, KLK3, and KLK15 were not expressed (Fig. KLK13 is essential for HCoV-HKU1 infection S protein priming is a prerequisite for coronavirus entry; therefore, we tested whether KLKs take part in this process by culturing cells in the presence/absence of KLK inhibitors ( Table ) (61). For this, HAE cultures were pre-incubated with each inhibitor (10 µM) or with vehicle control (DMSO) and mock-inoculated or inoculated with the virus (10 RNA copies per ml) in the presence of the inhibitor. Apical washes were collected each day for analysis of virus replication. Subsequently, viral RNA was isolated and reverse transcribed (RT), and the HCoV-144 HKU1 yield was determined by quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR). The results showed that HCoV-HKU1 replication was inhibited in the presence of a KLK13 inhibitor; this was not the case for cells treated with DMSO or with inhibitors specific for KLK7 or KLK8 ( Fig. 2A) . Next, we analyzed HCoV-HKU1 replication in the presence of a family-specific KLK inhibitor SPINK6 at a concentration of µg/ml (62, 63) or µM camostat (a broad inhibitor of serine proteases, also a potent inhibitor of KLK13) (34, 64).	3.582026243209839	28.785186767578125	12
iLIR@viral: A web resource for LIR motif-containing proteins in viruses. Macroautophagy/autophagy has been shown to mediate the selective lysosomal degradation of pathogenic bacteria and viruses (xenophagy), and to contribute to the activation of innate and adaptative immune responses. Autophagy can serve as an antiviral defense mechanism but also as a proviral process during infection. Atg8-family proteins play a central role in the autophagy process due to their ability to interact with components of the autophagy machinery as well as selective autophagy receptors and adaptor proteins. Such interactions are usually mediated through LC3-interacting region (LIR) motifs. So far, only one viral protein has been experimentally shown to have a functional LIR motif, leaving open a vast field for investigation. Here, we have developed the iLIR@viral database as a freely accessible web resource listing all the putative canonical LIR motifs identified in viral proteins. Additionally, we used a curated text-mining analysis of the literature to identify novel putative LIR motif-containing proteins (LIRCPs) in viruses. We anticipate that iLIR@viral will assist with elucidating the full complement of LIRCPs in viruses.	-0.6817415952682495	30.85371208190918	8
immunity to pathogens taught by specialized human dendritic cell subsets. Dendritic cells (DCs) are specialized antigen-presenting cells (APCs) that have a key role in immune responses because they bridge the innate and adaptive arms of the immune system. They mature upon recognition of pathogens and upregulate MHC molecules and costimulatory receptors to activate antigen-specific CD4 + and CD8 + T cells. It is now well established that DCs are not a homogeneous population but are composed of different subsets with specialized functions in immune responses to specific pathogens. Upon viral infections, plasmacytoid DCs (pDCs) rapidly produce large amounts of IFN-α, which has potent antiviral functions and activates several other immune cells. However, pDCs are not particularly potent APCs and induce the tolerogenic cytokine IL-10 in CD4 + T cells. In contrast, myeloid DCs (mDCs) are very potent APCs and possess the unique capacity to prime naive T cells and consequently to initiate a primary adaptive immune response. Different subsets of mDCs with specialized functions have been identified. In mice, CD8α + mDCs capture antigenic material from necrotic cells, secrete high levels of IL-12, and prime Th1 and cytotoxic T-cell responses to control intracellular pathogens. Conversely, CD8α − mDCs preferentially prime CD4 + T cells and promote Th2 or Th17 differentiation. BDCA-3 + mDC2 are the human homologue of CD8α + mDCs, since they share the expression of several key molecules, the capacity to cross-present antigens to CD8 + T-cells and to produce IFN-λ. However, although several features of the DC network are conserved between humans and mice, the expression of several toll-like receptors as well as the production of cytokines that regulate T-cell differentiation are different. Intriguingly, recent data suggest specific roles for human DC subsets in immune responses against individual pathogens. The biology of human DC subsets holds the promise to be exploitable in translational medicine, in particular for the development of vaccines against persistent infections or cancer.	8.219176292419434	40.330318450927734	0
medicina Antiviral Activity of Exopolysaccharides Produced by Lactic Acid Bacteria of the Genera Pediococcus, Leuconostoc and Lactobacillus against Human Adenovirus Type 5. Background and objectives: The use of antagonistic probiotic microorganisms and their byproducts represents a promising approach for the treatment of viral diseases. In the current work, the effect of exopolysaccharides (EPSs) produced by lactic acid bacteria from different genera on the structural and functional characteristics of cells and the development of adenoviral infection in vitro was studied. Materials and Methods: Cytotoxicity of six EPSs of lactic acid bacteria of the genera Lactobacillus, Leuconostoc and Pediococcus was determined by MTT (3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide) assay. The influence of the EPSs on the infectivity of human adenovirus type (HAdV-5) and on the cell cycle under a condition of adenovirus infection was studied using plaque reduction assay and flow cytometric analysis, respectively. Results: It was shown that exopolysaccharides were non-toxic to Madin-Darby bovine kidney cells (MDBK) as they reduced their viability by 3-17%. A change in the distribution of the cell cycle phases in the non-infected cell population treated with EPSs was observed. The analysis demonstrated an increase in the number of cells in the S phase by 47% when using EPSs 15a and a decrease in the number of cells in the G1 phase by 20-27% when treated with the EPSs 15a, 33a, and 19s. The use of EPSs did not led to the normalization of the life cycle of HAdV-5 infected cells to the level of non-infected cells. The EPSs showed low virucidal activity and reduced the HAdV-5 infectivity to 85%. Among the studied exopolysaccharides, anti-adenovirus activity was found for EPS 26a that is produced by Lactobacillus spp. The treatment of cells with the EPS following virus adsorption completely (100%) suppressed the formation and release of HAdV-5 infectious. Conclusions: EPS 26a possessed distinct anti-HAdV-5 activity and the obtained data demonstrate the potential of using exopolysaccharides as anti-adenoviral agents.	14.20425033569336	36.08912658691406	11
microorganisms Coinfection of Chlamydiae and other Bacteria in Reactive Arthritis and Spondyloarthritis: Need for Future Research. Reactive (inflammatory) arthritis has been known for many years to follow genital infection with the intracellular bacterial pathogen Chlamydia trachomatis in some individuals. Recent studies from several groups have demonstrated that a related bacterium, the respiratory pathogen Chlamydia pneumoniae, can elicit a similar arthritis. Studies of these organisms, and of a set of gastrointestinal pathogens also associated with engendering inflammatory arthritis, have been relatively extensive. However, reports focusing on coinfections with these and/or other organisms, and the effects of such coinfections on the host immune and other systems, have been rare. In this article, we review the extant data regarding infections by multiple pathogens in the joint as they relate to engendering arthritis, and we suggest a number of research areas that must be given a high priority if we are to understand, and therefore to treat in an effective manner, such arthritides.	20.943069458007812	11.720776557922363	10
molecules Detection of HIV cDNA Point Mutations with Rolling-Circle Amplification Arrays. In this paper we describe an isothermal rolling-circle amplification (RCA) protocol to detect gene point mutations on chips. The method is based on an allele-specific oligonucleotide circularization mediated by a special DNA ligase. The probe is circularized when perfect complementary sequences between the probe oligonucleotide and HIV cDNA gene. Mismatches around the ligation site can prevent probe circularization. The circularized probe (C-probe) can be amplified by rolling circle amplification to generate multimeric singlestranded DNA (ssDNA) under isothermal conditions. There are four sequence regions to bind respectively with fluorescent probe, RCA primer, solid probe and HIV cDNA template in the C-probe which we designed. These ssDNA products are hybridized with fluorescent probes and solid probes which are immobilized on a glass slide composing a regular microarray pattern. The fluorescence signals can be monitored by a scanner in the presence of HIV cDNA templates, whereas the probes cannot be circularized and signal of fluorescence cannot be found. The RCA array has capability of high-throughput detection of the point mutation and the singlenucleotide polymorphism (SNP).The development of C-probe-based technologies offers a promising prospect for situ detection, microarray, molecular diagnosis, single nucleotide polymorphism, and whole genome amplification. Molecules 2010,	-3.2264254093170166	-5.43073034286499	6
molecules Discovery of Metal Ions Chelator Quercetin Derivatives with Potent Anti-HCV Activities. Analogues or isosteres of α,γ-diketoacid (DKA) 1a show potent inhibition of hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5B polymerase through chelation of the two magnesium ions at the active site. The anti-HCV activity of the flavonoid quercetin (2) could partly be attributed to it being a structural mimic of DKAs. In order to delineate the structural features required for the inhibitory effect and improve the anti-HCV potency, two novel types of quercetin analogues, 7-O-arylmethylquercetins and quercetin-3-O-benzoic acid esters, were designed, synthesized and evaluated for their anti-HCV properties in cell-based assays. Among the newly synthesized compounds, 7-O-substituted derivative 3i and 3-O-substituted derivative 4f were found to be the most active in the corresponding series (EC50 = 3.8 μM and 9.0 μΜ, respectively). Docking studies suggested that the quercetin analogues are capable of establishing key coordination with the two magnesium ions as well as interactions with residues at the active site of HCV NS5B.	18.121782302856445	36.470191955566406	11
molecules G-Quadruplex-Based Fluorescent Turn-On Ligands and Aptamers: From Development to Applications. Guanine (G)-quadruplexes (G4s) are unique nucleic acid structures that are formed by stacked G-tetrads in G-rich DNA or RNA sequences. G4s have been reported to play significant roles in various cellular events in both macro-and micro-organisms. The identification and characterization of G4s can help to understand their different biological roles and potential applications in diagnosis and therapy. In addition to biophysical and biochemical methods to interrogate G4 formation, G4 fluorescent turn-on ligands can be used to target and visualize G4 formation both in vitro and in cells. Here, we review several representative classes of G4 fluorescent turn-on ligands in terms of their interaction mechanism and application perspectives. Interestingly, G4 structures are commonly identified in DNA and RNA aptamers against targets that include proteins and small molecules, which can be utilized as G4 tools for diverse applications. We therefore also summarize the recent development of G4-containing aptamers and highlight their applications in biosensing, bioimaging, and therapy. Moreover, we discuss the current challenges and future perspectives of G4 fluorescent turn-on ligands and G4-containing aptamers. G4s play significant roles in almost every cellular event, including but not limited to DNA replication, transcription, translation, RNA metabolism, and epigenetic remodeling [16, 17] . Recent studies have also suggested that G4 structures can serve as promising cancer and anti-microbe targets [18, 19] . To identify such potential G4 targets, various computational methods such as QGRS Mapper [20], quadparser [3], G4 Hunter [21], G4NN [22], and Quadron [23] have been developed to predict G4 formations. Spectroscopic techniques such as circular dichroism (CD) [24], UV melting [25], mass spectrometry [26], nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) [27], and intrinsic fluorescence [28] can also detect G4 formation based on its physical properties in a label-free manner. In addition to these biophysical methods, biochemical methods such as polymerase stop assay [29] and dimethyl sulfate (DMS) footprinting [30] can interrogate DNA G4 formation by template extension stalling and measuring the guanine nucleotide's resistance to the attachment of a chemical probe, respectively. More recently, in vitro methods that utilize rG4-mediated reverse transcriptase stalling have been developed to interrogate rG4 in low-abundance transcripts [31], and selective -hydroxyl acylation analyzed by a lithium ion-mediated primer extension (SHALiPE), and DMSLiPE [32] have been developed to map distinctive structural patterns of rG4. Several next-generation sequencing-based approaches such as G4-seq [33], G4-Chip [34], rG4-seq [35], DMS-seq [36], and G4RP [37] enable the genome-wide and transcriptome-wide profiling of G4s. Another key category for G4 detection is to use fluorogenic G4 ligands whose fluorescence is selectively enhanced when interacting with G4s. These fluorescent turn-on ligands can be used to track G4 formation both in vitro and in cells, and they are discussed in detail in this review. Besides acting as potential targets, G4s can be used as molecular tools for diverse applications. It is worth noting that the structure of G4s has been identified in studies using combinatorial methods and the systematic evolution of ligands by exponential enrichment (SELEX) technique with the aim of developing aptamers for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes [38] [39] [40] . G4s provide extra chemical and thermal stability for aptamer-based therapeutics, and such aptamers have been successfully designed to target a number of HIV proteins [41, 42] , prion proteins [43] , and anti-cancer targets [44, 45] . In diagnostics, G4-containing aptamers have been widely applied to target a wide range of pathogenic proteins and small molecules to emit a fluorescence-like signal [40] . In this review, we summarize the recent development of fluorogenic G4 ligands and G4-containing aptamers, and highlight their latest applications in vitro and in cells ( Figure 1D ). We will also discuss current challenges and future perspectives for better detection and targeting of G4s in diverse organisms, as well as for designing and developing G4-related tools for various biological applications. The biological significance of G4s in cells has led to a quest to develop diverse ligands that could help researchers understand their different cellular roles. On the one hand, some of these ligands are designed as fluorescent/imaging probes to verify G4 formation. On the other hand, some ligands can stabilize G4s and serve as chemical tools to challenge and alter G4-dependent processes. Also, it is possible that some ligands can perform both functions. In this review, we mainly focus on the organic G4 probes that is fluorogenic for in vitro and in cell detection of G4. As shown in Figure , these organic Molecules 2019, 24, of ligands in aqueous solvents have low fluorescence intensities; however, upon interacting with G4, an increased fluorescence intensity is observed, making fluorescence detection and imaging of G4 in vitro and in cells possible [51, 52] . It should also be of note that there are also large repertoires of inorganic G4 probes that are luminogenic, and they have been extensively studied and several excellent reviews can be found elsewhere [53] [54] [55] [56] . One representative example includes iridium (III) complex based G4s sensing methods; luminescent G4 switch-on probe for highly selective and tunable detection of cysteine and glutathione based on iridium (III) complex [57] . This method showed an enhanced intensity in the presence of desired metabolites [57] . Other examples of iridium (III) complex G4s based methods have also been reported, for instance, detection method for nicking endonuclease Nb.BsmI activity [58], for prostate specific antigen detection [59] , thymine DNA glycosylase activity detection [60] , for the detection of Siglec -5 [61] and for ribonuclease H detection [62] . Platinum (II) complexes are another representative example of inorganic G4 ligand; Ma et al [63] reported the synthesis of platinum (II) complexes containing dipyridophenazine ligand as a highly sensitive luminescence probe for the detection of G4s and also showed to inhibit human telomerase enzyme (property also seen with organic ligands) and occur via an end stacking approach with a binding affinity of ∼10 dm mol −1 [63] . Other examples of platinum (II) complexes reported includes the detection of nanomolar silver (I) ion in solution [64], as luminescence probe for G4 and c-myc downregulation [65] . Also, terpyridine ligand containing platinum (II) complexes have been shown by Sunthaaralingam et al. [66] to strongly binds to G4s of hTelo and c-myc through π-π stacking [66], which binding affinity and selectivity influenced by their aromatic surface [67] . Additionally, Ruthenium (II) complexes have been also reported as a selective luminescence probe for G4 detection, and occur via stacking of the ligand onto the G-tetrad and also based on insertion of the complex into the groove [68] . Other examples of ruthenium (II) complexes were also reported; for instance for sensing and methylation of duplex and G4s using Ruthenium (II) complexes containing dipyridylphenazine (dppz) ligand [69] for selective binding to various G4s using a bromo-substituent to the dipyridylphenazine [70] . Some advantages of inorganic fluorogenic ligands include their tunability, distinct properties (like anticancer drug development and their ability to induce G4s), and structures [66, 68, 71] .	16.58191680908203	31.219575881958008	11
molecules Iron Transport Tocopheryl Polyethylene Glycol Succinate in Animal Health and Diseases. Gut health is the starting place for maintaining the overall health of an animal. Strategies to maintain gut health are, thus, an important part in achieving the goal of improving animal health. A new strategy to do this involves two molecules: the iron transport protein ovotransferrin (IT) and α-tocopheryl polyethylene glycol succinate (TPGS), which result in the novel formulation of ITPGS. These molecules help reduce gut pathogens, while enhancing the absorption and bioavailability of therapeutic drugs, phytomedicines, and nanomedicines. This, in turn, helps to maintain normal health in animals. Maintaining the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) in its normal condition is key for successful absorption and efficacy of any nutrient. A compromised GIT, due to an imbalance (dysbiosis) in the GIT microbiome, can lead to an impaired GI barrier system with impaired absorption and overall health of the animal. The molecules in ITPGS may address the issue of poor absorption by keeping the GI system healthy by maintaining the normal microbiome and improving the absorption of nutrients through multiple mechanisms involving antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory, and antimicrobial activities. The ITPGS technology can allow the dose of active pharmaceutical or herbal medicine to be significantly reduced in order to attain equal or better efficacy. With complimentary actions between IT and TPGS, ITPGS presents a novel approach to increase the bioavailability of drugs, phytoconstituents, nutrients, and nanomedicines by enhanced transport to the tissues at the site of action, while reducing gut pathogen load. The ITPGS approach appears to be a novel strategy for maintaining the health of animals by manipulation of microbiota. Molecules 2019, 24, of bioenhancers of herbal and non-herbal origins are indicated for drugs and phytochemicals [9] [10] [11] . The use of bioenhancers and potentiators dates back thousands of years [12] [13] [14] . Piperine from black pepper appears to be the first example of Yogvahi (herbs that are able to increase or potentiate the plasma concentration of drugs) mentioned in Ayurvedic medicine [15] [16] [17] [18] . In other in vivo studies, peppermint oil has been reported to increase bioavailability of cyclosporine [19] , and ginseng polysaccharides have been reported to enhance absorption of ginsenoside Rb1 [20] . In in vivo studies, Yurdakok-Dikmen et al. [11] reported that following oral administration, the biodegradation of herbal drugs occurs in the stomach or gut lumen, where membrane permeability and metabolism are key factors in absorption. Bioenhancers are from various classes and exert their effects via multiple mechanisms, such as enzymatic alterations, phytosome formulations, transporter protein alterations, cholagogue/cholerectic effect, and thermogenesis. Absorption of drugs/phytoconstituents can be enhanced by employing various strategies, such as manipulating formulation (micronization, nanocrystals/nanosuspensions, solid solutions, self-dispersing solid solutions with surfactants, lipid solutions, self-emulsifying drug delivery systems, and surfactant-cosolvent systems) [11, 21] . In a number of in vivo studies, properties of TPGS (vitamin E TPGS) have been described to enhance the delivery of drugs, nutraceuticals, nanoparticles, and dietary nutrients [6, 22] . The poor water solubility of vitamin E limits its absorption in the GIT, but esterification of vitamin E succinate with polyethylene glycol (PEG) makes it completely water soluble [6, [23] [24] [25] . TPGS has an amphiphilic structure comprising of a hydrophilic polar head portion and lipophilic alkyl tail. It can be functionalized as an excellent solubilizer, emulsifier, and permeation and bioavailability enhancer of hydrophobic drugs and nutraceuticals [6, [26] [27] [28] [29] . TPGS can also be used in the development of nanomedicines, focusing on simple structures with multifunctional properties [6, 29, 30] . Of course, the preparation of nanomedicines is still at the laboratory scale and progress on developing novel nanomedicines is relatively slow. In both in vitro and in vivo studies, TPGS has also been shown to exhibit additional properties, such as a surfactant, apoptogenic, anticancer, immunomodulator, neuroprotection, and reversal of multidrug resistance (MDR) by inhibiting P-glycoprotein (P-gp) activity [6, 29, [31] [32] [33] [34] [35] [36] . TPGS (1000 denoting the PEG chain molecular weight) has been approved by the FDA as a GRAS supplement to solubilize drugs in oral, parenteral, topical, nasal, and rectal/vaginal therapies [31, [37] [38] [39] . TPGS has also been approved by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) as a safe pharmaceutical adjuvant used in drug formulation and for research purposes [39] [40] [41] . Vitamin E TPGS is a powerful tool in the formulation of poorly-soluble lipophilic compounds, as it enhances absorption and bioavailability via efficient micellar uptake into enterocytes. TPGS has a proven record of safety and efficacy in pharmaceutical, dietary supplement, food and beverage, personal care, animal nutrition, and cannabinoid products. It has the added benefit of being a clean label ingredient. In order to achieve greater stability, bioavailability, additional biological/pharmacological effects, and better therapeutic efficacy, TPGS technology has been further improvised by combining the iron transport (IT) protein of ovotransferrin with TPGS. The formulation of Iron Transport Polyethylene Glycol Succinate (ITPGS) is soluble in both fat and water and exerts multiple biological and pharmacological effects, such as antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, immunomodulatory, healthy gut, and overall health improvement. This review describes various facets of ITPGS, including formulation, biological properties, pharmacological mechanisms, and therapeutic efficacy. d-α-Tocopheryl polyethylene glycol succinate (TPGS) is prepared from natural lipid-soluble α-tocopherol (vitamin E) by grafting to a polyethylene glycol (PEG) oligomer through a succinate diester linker [30] . The iron transport polyethylene glycol succinate (ITPGS) molecule, in addition to natural α-tocopherol, incorporates the iron transport aspect from ovotransferrin (formerly known as conalbumin) obtained from egg-white or its hydrolysates [42] [43] [44] [45] . The structural formula of ITPGS (IT.TPGS) is shown in Figure .	17.358118057250977	31.85317611694336	11
novel coronavirus disease in hemodialysis (HD) patients: Report from one HD center in Wuhan, China. The outbreak of COVID-19 originated in Wuhan has become a global epidemic of contagious diseases, which poses a serious threat to human life and health, especially for those with underlined diseases. However, Impacts of COVID-19 epidemic on HD center and HD patients are still unknown. In this report, we reviewed the whole course of the epidemic emerged in the HD center of Renmin Hospital, Wuhan University from January 14, 2020, the day the first case was confirmed, to February 17, 2020, the day the epidemic extinction. There are totally cases among HD patients (16.09%) and cases among (12.12%)staff being diagnosed with COVID-19. The epidemiology, clinical presentation and immune profile of dialysis patients contracted COVID-19 were further studied. We found that the two key measures we took in response to the epidemic, one was upgrading level of prevention and protection on January and the other one starting universal screening, isolating, and distributing the infected cases on February 4, were effective in the epidemic control. No new COVID-19 case had been diagnosed since February 13. During the epidemic, HD patients died, including with COVID-19 and without COVID-19. The presumed causes of death were not directly related to pneumonia, but due to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, hyperkalemia, etc. Most of the leukocytes in the peripheral blood of the HD patients infected with COVID-19 decreased, and the CT images of the chest mostly showed the ground glass like changes on the right side. The symptoms of most of the patients were mild, and there were no cases admitted to ICU. The frequency of lymphocytes in PBMCs and the serum level of inflammatory cytokines were assessed in HD patients : medRxiv preprint progress to severe pneumonia due to the impaired cellular immune function and incapability of mounting cytokines storm. More attention should be paid to prevent cardiovascular events, which may be the collateral impacts of COVID-19 epidemic on HD patients. The medical records of all participants were analyzed by the research team of the	12.203448295593262	-16.012447357177734	7
of a densely sampled COVID19 outbreak in China. Analysis of genetic sequence data from the pandemic SARS Coronavirus can provide insights into epidemic origins, worldwide dispersal, and epidemiological history. With few exceptions, genomic epidemiological analysis has focused on geographically distributed data sets with few isolates in any given location. Here we report an analysis of whole SARS-CoV genomes from a single relatively small and geographically constrained outbreak in Weifang, People's Republic of China. Using Bayesian model-based phylodynamic methods, we estimate the reproduction number for the outbreak to be 2.6 (95% CI:1.5-5). We further estimate the number of infections through time and compare these estimates to confirmed diagnoses by the Weifang Centers for Disease Control. We find that these estimates are consistent with reported cases and there is unlikely to be a large undiagnosed burden of infection over the period we studied. We gratefully acknowledge China National GeneBank at Shenzhen, China for the sequencing strategy and capacity support. We also gratefully acknowledge the laboratories that have contributed	-12.565421104431152	-29.241979598999023	2
of the 2019-nCoV sequence. In numerous instances, tracking the biological significance of a nucleic acid sequence can be augmented through the identification of environmental niches in which the sequence of interest is present. Many metagenomic datasets are now available, with deep sequencing of samples from diverse biological niches. While any individual metagenomic dataset can be readily queried using web-based tools, meta-searches through all such datasets are less accessible. In this brief communication, we demonstrate such a meta-meta-genomic approach, examining close matches to the Wuhan coronavirus 2019-nCoV in all high-21 throughput sequencing datasets in the NCBI Sequence Read Archive accessible with the keyword "virome". In addition to the homology to bat coronaviruses observed in descriptions ), we note a strong homology to numerous sequence reads in a metavirome dataset generated from the lungs of deceased Pangolins reported by Liu et al. (Viruses 11:11, 2019, Our observations are relevant to discussions of the derivation of 2019-nCoV and illustrate the utility and limitations of meta-metagenomic search tools in effective and rapid characterization of potentially significant nucleic acid sequences. : bioRxiv preprint Read Archive (SRA) using the SRA-tools package (version 2.9.1). The latter sequence data were downloaded as .sra files using the prefetch tool, with extraction to readable format (.fasta.gz) using the NCBI fastq-dump tool. Each of these manipulations can fail some fraction of the time. Obtaining the sequences can fail due to network issues, while extraction in readable format occasionally fails for unknown reasons. Thus the workflow continually requests .sra files with ncbi-prefetch until at least some type of file is obtained, followed by attempts to unpack into .fasta.gz format until one such file is obtained from each .sra file. Metagenomic datasets for analysis were chosen through a keyword search of the SRA : bioRxiv preprint 2020. Full-genome evolutionary analysis of the novel corona virus (2019-nCoV) rejects the hypothesis of emergence as a result of a recent recombination event. Infection, Genetics and Evolution 79:104212.	-11.614089965820312	-2.693169355392456	6
p53 is not necessary for DUX4 pathology. Summary Statement: DUX4 is thought to mediate cytopathology through p53. Here, DUX4 is shown to kill primary myoblasts and promote pathological phenotypes in the iDUX4[2.7] mouse model on the p53-null background, calling into question this notion. FSHD is a genetically dominant myopathy caused by mutations that cause expression of the normally silent DUX4 gene. This transcription factor has been shown to interfere with myogenesis when misexpressed at very low levels in myoblasts, and to cause cell death when overexpressed at high levels. A previous report using adeno-associated virus to deliver high levels of DUX4 to mouse skeletal muscle demonstrated severe pathology that was suppressed on a p53 knockout background, implying that DUX4 acted through the p53 pathway. Here, we investigate the p53-dependence of DUX4 using both in vitro cellular and the transgenic iDUX4[2.7] mouse models. We find that inhibiting p53 has no effect on the cytoxicity of DUX4 in vitro. When crossed onto the p53 null background, we find no suppression of the male-specific lethality or skin phenotypes of the DUX4 transgene, and find that primary myoblasts from this mouse are still killed by DUX4 expression. These data challenge the notion that the p53 pathway is central to the pathogenicity of DUX4.	-3.664013624191284	36.15781021118164	0
participated in study design. and chest computed tomographic (CT) images were obtained and analyzed. Findings All cases were confirmed by real-time RT-PCR, including males and females with a mean age of 50.38 years (SD 16.86). Incubation time ranged from one to twenty days with a mean period of 8.09 days (SD 4.99). Fever (86[84.3%] of patients), cough (58[57%]), fatigue (28[27%]), shortness of breath (24[23%]), diarrhea (15[15%]), expectoration (13[12%]), inappetence (11[10%]) were common clinical manifestations. We observed a decreased blood leukocyte count and lymphopenia in (20.6%) and (54.9%) patients, respectively. There were (68%) of patients with elevated C-reactive protein levels and (57.6%) of with increased erythrocytes sedimentation rate. Higher levels of procalcitonin and ferritin were observed in (25.3%) of and (92.3%) of patients, respectively. Eight patients were admitted to intensive care unit (ICU), six developed respiratory failure, three had multiple organ failure and three died. The cumulative positivity rate over three rounds of real-time RT-PCR was 96%. One-hundred patients were found with typical radiological abnormalities in two rounds of chest CT scans, indicating a 98% consistency with real-time RT-PCR results. Interpretation Most COVID-19 patients in Xiangyang were secondary cases without sex difference, and the rate of severe case and death was low. Middle-to-old-age individuals were more susceptible to the virus infection and the subsequent development of severe/fatal consequences. The average incubation period was longer among our patients. We recommend prolonging the quarantine period to three weeks. Three times real-time RT-PCR plus two times CT scans is a practical clinical diagnosis strategy at present and should be used to increase the accuracy of diagnosis, thereby controlling the source of infection more effectively.	20.06931495666504	-19.839027404785156	9
pathogens Influenza-Omics and the Host Response: Recent Advances and Future Prospects. Influenza A viruses (IAV) continually evolve and have the capacity to cause global pandemics. Because IAV represents an ongoing threat, identifying novel therapies and host innate immune factors that contribute to IAV pathogenesis is of considerable interest. This review summarizes the relevant literature as it relates to global host responses to influenza infection at both the proteome and transcriptome level. The various-omics infection systems that include but are not limited to ferrets, mice, pigs, and even the controlled infection of humans are reviewed. Discussion focuses on recent advances, remaining challenges, and knowledge gaps as it relates to influenza-omics infection outcomes. As IAV strains evolve and sequence information from the IAV cannot currently determine pathogenicity, -omics platforms can be a powerful tool to compare emergent IAV strain data with previously circulating strains for the purpose of threat characterization. In the last ten years, mass spectrometry instrumentation and methodology advancements have led to considerable knowledge of the host proteomic response to viral infection (for a recent review, see [1] ). The increasing popularity of NGS technologies such as RNA-seq, in combination with further advances in microarray profiling technology has also increased our transcriptomic-RNA understanding of virus-host interactions. As -omics capabilities become cheaper and the software to interpret data becomes more user-friendly, the number of laboratories that can perform these data-intensive studies will likely increase. The purpose of this review is to assess both proteomic and transcriptomic findings in the context of IAV infection. In the following sections, recent advances and future prospects are discussed. Figure summarizes notable published -omics experiments, many of which are discussed in the proceeding sections.	-8.155550003051758	5.175833225250244	6
performed data analysis. Objective: To evaluate the spectrum of comorbidities and its impact on the clinical outcome in patients with coronavirus disease . Setting: hospitals in province/autonomous regions/provincial municipalities across China Participants: 1,590 laboratory-confirmed hospitalized patients. were extracted from medical charts. The disease severity was categorized based on the American Thoracic Society guidelines for community-acquired pneumonia. The primary endpoint was the composite endpoints, which consisted of the admission to intensive care unit (ICU), or invasive ventilation, or death. The risk of reaching to the composite endpoints was compared among patients with COVID-19 according to the presence and number of comorbidities. Results: Of the 1,590 cases, the mean age was 48.9 years. patients (42.7%) were females. (40.7%) patients were managed inside Hubei province, and 1,334 (83.9%) patients had a contact history of Wuhan city. Severe cases accounted for 16.0% of the study population. (8.2%) patients reached to the composite endpoints. (25.1%) reported having at least one comorbidity. : medRxiv preprint malignancy and immunodeficiency, respectively. (8.2%) patients reported having two or more comorbidities. Patients with two or more comorbidities had significantly escalated risks of reaching to the composite endpoint compared with those who had a single comorbidity, and even more so as compared with those without (all P<0.05). After adjusting for age and smoking status, patients with COPD (HR 2.681, 95%CI 1.424-5.048), diabetes (HR 1.59, 95%CI 1.03-2.45), hypertension (HR 1.58, 95%CI 1.07-2.32) and malignancy (HR 3.50, 95%CI 1.60-7.64) were more likely to reach to the composite endpoints than those without. As compared with patients without comorbidity, the HR (95%CI) was 1.79 (95%CI 1.16-2.77) among patients with at least one comorbidity and 2.59 (95%CI 1.61-4.17) among patients with two or more comorbidities. Comorbidities are present in around one fourth of patients with COVID-19 in China, and predispose to poorer clinical outcomes. FUNDING: Supported by National Health Commission, Department of Science and Technology of Guangdong Province. The funder had no role in the conduct of the study.	20.42382049560547	-24.121185302734375	9
possible role of highly activated mucosal nK cells against viral respiratory infections in children undergoing haematopoietic stem cell transplantation. and healthy controls using multiparametric flow cytometry. We also determined by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) the presence of respiratory viruses. Samples were collected pre-HSCT, at day 0, +10, +20 and +30 after HSCT. Peripheral blood (PB) was also analyzed to determine T and NK cell numbers. A total of pediatric HSCT recipients were enrolled and of them had at least one viral detection (60%). Rhinovirus was the most frequent pathogen (84% of positive NPAs). NPAs of patients contained fewer T and NK cells compared to healthy controls (p = 0.0132 and p = 0.120, respectively). Viral pcR + patients showed higher NK cell number in their NPAs. The activating receptors repertoire expressed by NK cells was also higher in NPA samples, especially NKp44 and NKp46. Our study supports nK cells relevance for the immune defense against respiratory viruses in HSct recipients.	21.837881088256836	-13.69435977935791	7
prevalence and complete genome of bovine norovirus with novel VP1 genotype in calves in china. Bovine norovirus (BNoV) is a diarrhea-causing pathogen of calves. In this study, diarrheic fecal samples were collected from farms across six provinces in China, between November and September 2018. 20.4% of the samples were detected as BNoV-positive by RT-PCR. Phylogenetic analyses based on RdRp, VP1, and VP2 fragments revealed these BNoV strains had unique evolutionary characteristics. The complete genome of strain Bo/BET-17/18/CH was successfully sequenced. It was nucleotides (nt) in length, shared 79.4-80.9% nt identity with all five BNoV genomes, clustered on a separate branch of the phylogenetic tree, suggesting that strain Bo/BET-17/18/CH could represent a novel BNoV strain. Two interesting characteristics were found in the genome: (i) the VP1 sequence differed greatly from known BNoV VP1 sequences; (ii) a recombination event is predicted within the ORF1-ORF2 overlap. Moreover 16.3% (7/43) of the BNoV were identified as the novel VP1 genotype, which were distributed on four farms across two provinces, indicating that the novel VP1 genotype strain has spread. To our knowledge, this is first description of the molecular and genomic characteristics of BNoV in China. These findings extend our understanding of the genetic evolution and epidemics of BnoV.	14.695135116577148	3.192430257797241	10
st Workshop of the Canadian Society for Virology. The 1st Workshop of the Canadian Society for Virology (CSV2016) was a Special Workshop of the 35th Annual Meeting for the American Society for Virology, held on June on the beautiful Virginia Tech campus in Blacksburg, Virginia. The workshop provided a forum for discussion of recent advances in the field, in an informal setting conducive to interaction with colleagues. CSV2016 featured two internationally-renowned Canadian keynote speakers who discussed translational virology research; American Society for Virology President Grant McFadden (then from University of Florida, now relocated to Arizona State University) who presented his studies of oncolytic poxviruses, while Matthew Miller (McMaster University) reviewed the prospects for a universal influenza vaccine. The workshop also featured a variety of trainee oral and poster presentations, and a panel discussion on the topic of the future of the CSV and virus research in Canada.	-10.575490951538086	-6.992847442626953	6
viruses Disentangling the Frames, the State of Research on the Alphavirus 6K and TF Proteins. For years it was thought the alphavirus 6K gene encoded a single kDa protein. However, through a bioinformatics search years ago, it was discovered that there is a frameshifting event and two proteins, 6K and transframe (TF), are translated from the 6K gene. Thus, many functions attributed to the 6K protein needed reevaluation to determine if they properly belong to 6K, TF, or both proteins. In this mini-review, we reevaluate the past research on 6K and put those results in context where there are two proteins, 6K and TF, instead of one. Additionally, we discuss the most cogent outstanding questions for 6K and TF research, including their collective importance in alphavirus budding and their potential importance in disease based on the latest virulence data. Viruses 2017, 9, of As arboviruses, alphaviruses are generally transmitted in the environment via an arthropod vector (typically a mosquito) to vertebrate hosts which can include birds, humans, and other mammals [3] . In the laboratory, alphaviruses can replicate efficiently in small animal models and various host-derived cell lines. Most animals experience a high-morbidity, low-mortality infection, but this varies by alphavirus species. At the cellular level, arthropod host cells typically experience a persistent infection, while vertebrate cells expire after an acute infection [4] . To infect host cells, the E2 glycoprotein on the virion binds to host cell surface receptors [1]. Following endocytosis, a low-pH mediated conformational change in E1 activates it to mediate fusion between the host membrane and virus membrane. Translation begins immediately upon delivering the positive-sense RNA genome into the cytoplasm of a host cell. The first open reading frame codes for the nonstructural proteins. The four nonstructural proteins function in RNA replication and modulation of the host response. For an in-depth description of RNA replication functions, we refer readers to a recent review by Rupp and colleagues [5] . A review by Fros and Pijlman describes our current understanding of the interplay between virus takeover and host cell responses [6] . The host cell responses are countered in a vertebrate cell infection by a rapid shutoff of host cell protein production that can be mediated by nonstructural protein or the structural protein capsid [7] [8] [9] . The virus structural proteins are all translated as a polyprotein from the second open reading frame on a subgenomic RNA transcript [1] ( Figure 1A ). To understand the consequences of translating 6K versus TF, it is necessary to understand how the structural proteins are translated, translocated into the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), cleaved, and then oligomerized to form functional assembly components. The capsid protein is translated, folded in the cytoplasm, and then cleaved in cis via its chymotrypsin-like domain from the rest of the polyprotein [10-12]. The capsid protein encapsidates newly synthesized viral RNA to form nucleocapsid cores in the cytoplasm. The E3 protein is translated after the capsid protein, and contains the signal sequence that directs the remainder of the polyprotein translation to the ER membranes ( Figure 1B,C) . The polyprotein traverses the ER membrane several times. The E2 protein is translated with two transmembrane domains, containing the translocon signal for 6K. The 6K protein is thought to have two transmembrane helices connected by a short cytoplasmic loop ( Figure 1B) . The second helix in 6K is the translocation signal for E1, usually the last protein to be translated. The E1 protein has a single transmembrane domain, leaving a short cytoplasmic C-terminal tail. When frameshifting in the 6K gene occurs, the E3 and E2 proteins are produced as described above. However, rather than two transmembrane helices in 6K, the TF protein's unique C-terminus is translated into the cytoplasm and no E1 is made ( Figure 1C ). Using radioisotope labeling, antibodies, and mass spectrometry to detect TF, it is estimated that frameshifting occurs <30% of the time [13] [14] [15] [16] . The consequence of translating E2 but not E1 due to the frameshifting event is not understood. After the structural proteins are translated, they undergo conformational maturation and localization to become assembly-competent. Cellular enzymes cleave the structural polyprotein into its individual constituents ( Figure 1B,C) . Signalase cleaves E1 from 6K, and E2 from 6K and TF [17, 18] . As a result, the second transmembrane domain of E2 is released from the membrane into the cytoplasm. The E3 protein remains covalently attached to E2 and aids with cellular chaperones in the proper folding of E2 and E1 [19] [20] [21] [22] [23] [24] . While in the ER, E3 + E2 (also called pE2 in the literature) and E1 associate into heterodimers. Those heterodimers trimerize into complexes called spikes [25, 26] . Glycosylation moieties are added to E3, E2, and E1 and subsequently modified as the spikes transit through the secretory system to the plasma membrane. The cellular protease furin cleaves E3 from E2 in the trans-Golgi, making spikes fusion-competent [27, 28] .	-1.9103906154632568	25.59274673461914	12
viruses Review From SARS to MERS, Thrusting Coronaviruses into the Spotlight. Coronaviruses (CoVs) have formerly been regarded as relatively harmless respiratory pathogens to humans. However, two outbreaks of severe respiratory tract infection, caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), as a result of zoonotic CoVs crossing the species barrier, caused high pathogenicity and mortality rates in human populations. This brought CoVs global attention and highlighted the importance of controlling infectious pathogens at international borders. In this review, we focus on our current understanding of the epidemiology, pathogenesis, prevention, and treatment of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, as well as provides details on the pivotal structure and function of the spike proteins (S proteins) on the surface of each of these viruses. For building up more suitable animal models, we compare the current animal models recapitulating pathogenesis and summarize the potential role of host receptors contributing to diverse host affinity in various species. We outline the research still needed to fully elucidate the pathogenic mechanism of these viruses, to construct reproducible animal models, and ultimately develop countermeasures to conquer not only SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, but also these emerging coronaviral diseases. [6] provided insight for researchers into the origin of this novel coronavirus. Notably, the SARS pandemic was declared to be over in when no more infections in patients were being detected. Subsequently, certain SARS-CoV-like viruses found in bats demonstrated the ability to infect human cells without prior adaptation [7, 8] which indicates the possibility of the re-emergence of SARS-CoV or SARS-CoV-like viruses. A decade later in June 2012, another highly pathogenic and novel coronavirus, MERS-CoV, was isolated from the sputum of a male patient who died from acute pneumonia and renal failure in Saudi Arabia [9] . Nosocomial infections were reported, and international travel led to the transmission of MERS-CoV to countries outside of the Arabian Peninsula, causing it to become a global pathophoresis. In May 2015, an outbreak of MERS occurred in South Korea due to an individual returning from the Middle East [10] . Based on the lessons learned from managing SARS-CoV prevalence over the last decade, tremendous progress toward unraveling the biological characteristics of MERS-CoV has been achieved at an unprecedented speed. Scientific advancements have allowed for rapid and systemic progress in our understanding of the epidemiology and pathogenesis of MERS-CoV. SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV share several important common features that contribute to nosocomial transmission, preferential viral replication in the lower respiratory tract, and viral immunopathology. This review highlights the epidemiology and pathogenesis of these viruses, including our current understanding of their biological characteristics, their transmission, and their replication in the host. The spike proteins (S proteins) of CoVs play pivotal roles in viral infection and pathogenesis. As critical surface-located trimeric glycoproteins of CoVs, they guide entry into host cells. In this review, we summarize the structure and function of the S proteins and therapeutics designed to target them. Moreover, we will explore how CoV-host interactions cause pathogenic outcomes and discuss potential treatment options, as well as describe recent mammalian models that closely recapitulate the pathogenic process and have contributed to the development of prevention and treatment strategies for SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. Although several potential therapies have been identified with SARS and MERS in animal and in vitro models, human clinical trials remain lacking, hindering the advancement of these potential countermeasures. Epidemiology of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV	17.741771697998047	10.847434997558594	10
viruses Viruses and Autoimmunity: A Review on the Potential Interaction and Molecular Mechanisms. For a long time, viruses have been shown to modify the clinical picture of several autoimmune diseases, including type diabetes (T1D), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), Sjögren's syndrome (SS), herpetic stromal keratitis (HSK), celiac disease (CD), and multiple sclerosis (MS). Best examples of viral infections that have been proposed to modulate the induction and development of autoimmune diseases are the infections with enteric viruses such as Coxsackie B virus (CVB) and rotavirus, as well as influenza A viruses (IAV), and herpesviruses. Other viruses that have been studied in this context include, measles, mumps, and rubella. Epidemiological studies in humans and experimental studies in animal have shown that viral infections can induce or protect from autoimmunopathologies depending on several factors including genetic background, host-elicited immune responses, type of virus strain, viral load, and the onset time of infection. Still, data delineating the clear mechanistic interaction between the virus and the immune system to induce autoreactivity are scarce. Available data indicate that viral-induced autoimmunity can be activated through multiple mechanisms including molecular mimicry, epitope spreading, bystander activation, and immortalization of infected B cells. Contrarily, the protective effects can be achieved via regulatory immune responses which lead to the suppression of autoimmune phenomena. Therefore, a better understanding of the immune-related molecular processes in virus-induced autoimmunity is warranted. Here we provide an overview of the current understanding of viral-induced autoimmunity and the mechanisms that are associated with this phenomenon. Viruses 2019, 11, of , and several others [9] . Another hypothesized mechanism is the "bystander activation", whereby a non-specific and an over-reactive antiviral immune response creates a localized pro-inflammatory environment along with the release of self-antigens from the damaged tissue. These self-antigens are subsequently taken up and presented by antigen presenting cells (APC) to stimulate the previously non-responsive, yet autoreactive T cells in the vicinity triggering autoimmunity [10] . A related mechanism is called "epitope spreading", in which a viral infection triggers the release of more self-antigens and the de novo activation of autoreactive cells, which consequently spread to target additional self-epitopes [9] . Both molecular mimicry and bystander activation have been observed in the experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) model of multiple sclerosis (MS) [11], West Nile virus (WNV)-mediated myasthenia gravis (MG) [12] , TMEV-IDD [13] , and other disorders [9] . Moreover, viruses may immortalize autoreactive effector cells as observed in Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-infected B cells [14] . While several hypotheses have been proposed to understand the mechanisms underlying virus-induced autoimmunity, the precise contribution of these mechanisms are not yet fully understood. This review summarizes the recent findings on virally induced autoimmunity and the potential underlying mechanisms triggering the development of this disorder.	9.988282203674316	34.560482025146484	0
well as cytokines important for immune reactions and inflammation. Our data indicate that patients with severe COVID-19 exhibited an overall decline of lymphocytes including CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, B cells, and NK cells. The number of immunosuppressive regulatory T cells was moderately increased in patients with mild COVID-19. IL-2, IL-6, and IL-10 were remarkably up-regulated in patients with severe COVID-19. The levels of IL-2 and IL-6 relative to the length of hospital stay underwent a similar " rise-decline"pattern, probably reflecting the therapeutic effect. In conclusion, our study shows that the comprehensive decrease of lymphocytes, and the elevation of IL-2 and IL-6 are reliable indicators of severe COVID-19.	23.963605880737305	-14.473015785217285	0
ΦX174 Attenuation by Whole Genome Codon Deoptimization. Natural selection acting on synonymous mutations in protein-coding genes influences genome composition and evolution. In viruses, introducing synonymous mutations in genes encoding structural proteins can drastically reduce viral growth, providing a means to generate potent, live attenuated vaccine candidates. However, an improved understanding of what compositional features are under selection and how combinations of synonymous mutations affect viral growth is needed to predictably attenuate viruses and make them resistant to reversion. We systematically recoded all non-overlapping genes of the bacteriophage ΦX174 with codons rarely used in its E. coli host. The fitness of recombinant viruses decreases as additional deoptimizing mutations are made to the genome, although not always linearly, and not consistently across genes. Combining deoptimizing mutations may reduce viral fitness more or less than expected from the effect size of the constituent mutations and we point out difficulties in untangling correlated compositional features. We test our model by optimizing the same genes and find that the relationship between codon usage and fitness does not hold for optimization, suggesting that wild-type ΦX174 is at a fitness optimum. This work highlights the need to better understand how selection acts on patterns of synonymous codon usage across the genome and provides a convenient system to investigate the genetic determinants of virulence. : bioRxiv preprint host-phage relationships that are too short-lived for selection to fine tune codon usage in the phage, or inadequate understanding of the features under selection. Empirically developed (e.g. serial passage viral adaptation) vaccines have saved millions of lives over the last century, yet methodological improvements make rationally designed, recombinant vaccines attractive because they can be rapidly produced and specifically engineered for safety and effectiveness (46-50) . One proposed method of generating recombinant vaccines involves making many synonymous, attenuating changes to viral genomes, i.e. "deoptimizing" the viral genes (51) . The recombinant vaccine can be made by either editing the genome of the wild-type virus or by generating a viral genome entirely from synthesized nucleic acids. Synonymous deoptimization offers a potentially efficient and effective way of making vaccines: the protein sequences of recoded vaccines are identical to their target viruses, they replicate in their host to provide prolonged exposure to the antigen, and the introduction of many synonymous changes presumably assures evolutionary robustness, preventing the evolution of virulence by reversion. Poliovirus serves as a very good example for the synonymous recoding strategy. Development of a robust, live-attenuated poliovirus vaccine is desired because in some areas on Earth wild poliovirus and the emergent vaccine-derived polioviruses (cVDPVs) continues to cause concern over the resurgence of poliomyelitis (52-55) . A synthetic poliovirus was assembled in (56) , codon deoptimized in (57, 58) , codon pair deoptimized in (59) , and dinucleotide deoptimized in (11) . In all cases, attenuated viruses were produced by recoding the P1/capsid region of the genome. In vitro , these viruses replicate slower and produce lower viral titers than wild-type virus. In vivo the codon pair deoptimized strain protected mice against challenge by wild poliovirus (59) . While the mechanism of attenuation is not yet fully elucidated, reduced protein expression of the deoptimized genes is observed (11, 57-59) . These deoptimized poliovirus constructs are genetically stable and remain non-virulent for up to passages in cell culture (57, 59) . The apparent success of building poliovirus vaccine candidates using synonymous recoding led to similar attempts to develop vaccines for influenza, adeno-associated, human immunodeficiency, papilloma, chikungunya, respiratory syncytial, simian immunodeficiency,	-7.250284194946289	14.970760345458984	10
